---
date: 19/09/2024 16:30
---

## **Attendees:**
- Vincent
- Godfrey (Online)
- Elisa (Online)
- Marton
- Agam
- Anastasia
- Fergus
- Tomas
- Cat
- Lewis
- Ryan
- Ol
- Said
- Leo

## 1. **Academic Families**
- First event is planned for the 25-26th September.
- The plans and details of the event are shared.
- Plans for food are to go to Costco and get food delivered.
- We will be organising icebreaker games such as mini pub quiz and others.

## 2. **G-Research Event**
- CompSoc will do the promotion for the event.
- G-Research will do the financing for the event.
- Debate about pizzas and packages for bespoke events at each level.

## 3. **STMU**
- Details, dates, speakers and exhibitions were discussed.
- EGM:
  - Elections for the committee positions (VP, First Year Rep, Junior Treasurer).
- Merch:
  - Quarter zips for sale (preorder on page, setup through Neil).
  - Make an interest form -> e-page.
  - Keep stock (5 of each) (lottery the extra quarter zips at SIG fair, proceeds go to sig of buyer's choosing) (use it as a sign of interest).
  - Sell the quarter zips at STMU if there is interest.
  - Reduce price of mugs to £9.99, give lens cloth for free, promote comp-socks heavily.
  - 2nd years can do the order prediction for their data science project.

## 4. **Adahack**
- Event is on the 19th of October.
- We will host our own workshop and use CompSoc merch as prizes.
- Host a challenge and market it as an entrepreneurial challenge.
- Use Adahack to promote and test out HTB.

## 5. **Junior treasurer**
- Elisa proposed a new role for a Junior Treasurer.
- The role will be voted on at the EMG with First Year Rep.
- The hope is that this person becomes treasurer the year after.
- This will be put to vote after the meeting.

## 6. **Action items**
- Post on everywhere for SIG fair and G-Research event.
- Fergus come up with challenges for Adahack.
- Check how long it takes to print quarter zips.