---
date: 27/09/2024 16:00
---

## **Attendees:**
- Vincent
- Godfrey
- Elisa
- Marton
- Agam
- Lewis
- Chris
- Ryan
- Lucas
- Eugene
- Ol
- Fergus
- Tomas
- Anastasia
- Cat

## 1. **HackTheBurgh**
- Futures Institute idea for venue so Godfrey will email and ask them.
  - It has a higher capacity than the Nucleus so could expand HTB to more people.
  - It is also a very new and nice venue so would be interesting.
- Should still ask the Nucleus as a backup option since its free.
- Conference idea for HTB on a day before the hackathon was discussed.
  - Ideas to get in speakers and do workshops.
  - This way we don't have many things on during the hackathon so people can focus.
  - Should talk to previous SIGINT president about issues running PwnEd.
  - Issues with the potential cost of adding an extra day to the event.
- Discussion on travel reimnursements.
  - There was an idea to discontinue travel reimbursements.
  - Although we can get the most applications if we keep these.
  - Idea to increase friction to getting reimnursements (emailing) so only people who need them will email.

## 2. **Academic Families Debrief**
- Feedback from the event was very postitive.
  - Fiona and the cohorts were very impressed and happy.
  - Roughly 100 attendees each night.
  - Some people wanted the games to be longer.
  - The time restriction made things more difficult since the event started late.
  - There was plenty of pizza for the event.
- The event that was planned for November was moved to January/February due to budget issues.
- There were people asking to switch families
- There were also families with only 1 parent
- Therefore we will create a procedure to move people to families that only have 1 parent.
- We should send out feedback surveys soon.
- Idea to consider making a committee for AcFams but after a few months.
- Anastasia to make a forecast for AcFams spending based on budget of 5k.

## 3. **Junior Treasurer Vote results**
- Vote for the Junior Treasurer role to be added passed unanimously.
- We met the quorum reqired for core committee and executives to vote.

## 4. **SIG Fair Debrief**
- The Fair went well, good attendance, engaging speeches, and raised awareness of SIGs.
- Raffle was effective fundraising.
- The poster boards were bad an ineffective.
- The advertising was done too late for the event.
- We can get a team to do promotion and different aspects of it.
- Potentially one person on the team could handle newsletters.
- Idea to get food other than pizza like biscuits and crisps.

## 5. **G-Research Event Update**
- The event is 7th October 18:00 to 21:30.
- Setup starts at 17:00
- Godfrey to follow up on servitor cover.
- Anastasia, Lewis, Lucas, Vincent, Godfrey will be helping for the event.
- Agam to post a story to remind people.

## 6. **AdaHack Discussion**
- Event is on 19th of October.
- We do 1 challenge and 1 mini-game.
- Give out CompSoc prizes to the winners.
- Use the Staff Forum to write ideas for challenges and mini-games.
- Have 2 people floating around the event throughout.
- Have 4-5 people there for judging the challenge.

## 7. **Workshop Discussion/Follow-Up**
- Try to implement the things discussed in the workshop.
- Celebrate out achievements (Hitting 1000 followers on Insta)
- Allocate time at the start or end of meetings to talk about the things that went well.

## 8. **Ping-Pong Table**
- Marton got ghosted when asking about this.
- Cat will pick this up.

## 9. **Miscellaneous**
- Checks if everyone can see the CompSoc Internal Calendar, not many seem to have access.
- Meetings will be kept in the calendar.
- Use Staff Forums for themed discussions.
- The new announcements queue is working well.
- There is a thread made for each announcement and the only thing in this thread should be the announcements.
- This thread will then be archived and a new one created for the next announcement.

## 10. **Action items**
- Godfrey to email the Edinburgh Futures Institute to ask about event hosting and tour of place.
- Godfrey to email the Nucleus as another option.
- Godfrey to talk to Harsh about HTB last year.
- Godfrey to set up Google form for HTB volunteer applications.
- Godfrey to talk to previous SIGINT president regarding PwdEd conference issues.
- Godfrey to follow up with LLoyds about sponsorship signing.
- Godfrey to follow up on servitor cover for G-Research event.
- Agam to post a story to remind people about the G-Research event.
- Committee to send ideas into staff forum regarding AdaHack challenges and mini-games.
- Anastasia to create procedure to handle people moving families.
- Anastasia to send out AcFams survey.
- Anastasia to make a forecast for AcFams spending budget.
