---
date: 2025-05-13T15:31
---

# CompSoc Meeting Minutes 2025-05-13

## Attendees

### Committee - Quorate

- President - **Kacper**
- Vice President - **Anna**
- Treasurer - **Kameran**
- Secretary - **Alex**
- Graphic Designer - **Kay**
- TechSec - **Emily**
- Social Media Officer - **Tim**
- EDI Rep - **Charlotte**
- 3rd Year Rep - **Anya**
- Old Person Rep - **Uyi**

### SIG Reps

- BetterInformatics - **Kshitij**

## Items

### Interim Social Sec

- Anna says Param was running for VP, and wanted to support organising stuff - so he's also happy to be social sec.
- Vote to appoint Param - **passed**
  - In Favour
    - 10/11
  - Abstain
    - 1/11

### Interim 4th Year Rep

- Vote to appoint Vojtech - **passed**
  - In Favour
    - 10/11
  - Abstain
    - 1/11

### BetterInformatics offsite backups

- Kshitij: BI is used by a huge number of people and is hosted on Tardis without backups - small risk but a major problem
- Looking to scale up and expand to more courses (maths etc), to 150+ courses
- Asking for £300 for £5 or so a month for offsite backups
- Kameran: why 300?
  - Kshitij: It's a higher estimate, and might only be used if Tardis goes down
- Kameran: how much would it cost when Tardis goes down?
  - Kshitij: Will look into this after end of exams
- £120 base agreed £10/month, will look into more after exams (£120-300 estimate)
- And a request to get feedback from people

### Committee Hoodies

- Considering variations of hoodies
- SIGINT and Tardis also wants hoodies - order in bulk?
  - Will see basically, might not be a benefit
- Probably the same design, maybe a different colour
- Stick with the same supplier

### Technical Infrastructure Changes - Emily

- Wiki
  - Updating what we actually do
  - And what services we have
- Discord
  - Moved over committee role labels
  - Could create Year-rep roles
- Website
  - Could committee members send photos and socials to update the website
- Moving Vault warden and Wiki to a specific VM
- And sorting out old HTB VMs - save money

### First Social Event

- Want to hold before end of semester
- What: BBQ in the meadows
- When: 24th May provisionally
- Will need Param onboard
- Involve some activities (card games etc)

### Welcome Week

- Need to give EUSA approximate dates next week
- Events that happen every year:
  - Activities fair booth (EUSA managed)
  - Photo scavenger hunt
  - Arthur's Seat Hike
    - Will need someone who knows route (Alex volunteered) and first aider
  - Gamesoc LAN
    - Bring in games consoles and book AT floor 4
    - Order pizza and drinks
  - Pub crawl
    - Teams challenge to get the hat
- Sig events
  - Sigint, workshops, etc
- Maybe another flesh market BBQ?
- Social sec normally adds another thing

## Actions

- Reach out to Param and Vojtech
- Update Param on social plans
- First Social - announced by 17th
  - Graphics
  - Social media posts
  - Year rep outreach
- Think about welcome week events
