# CompSoc Meeting Minutes 2025-11-17
## Attendees

### Committee
- President - **Kacper**
- Treasurer - **Kameran**
- Vice President - **Anna
- Graphic Designer - **Kay**
- Jr. Treasurer - **Dhyey**
- Social Media Officer - **Tim**

### SIG Reps / other
- BitSIG - **Omar**
- Ivan
- Tardis - **Merlin** (additionally taking minutes)

## Agenda
- STMU
- AoC
- Secret Santa
- Updates:
  - CloudSig
  - NeurotechSig
 
## Items
### NeurotechSIG

- Got a logo, See committee chat
- Should it have SIG in it?
  - Edinburgh AI, etc special case
     - Existed before joining
  - No-one minds in this case. Logo is cool.
  - Just have SIG mentioned somewhere
    - Website etc.
- Intro workshops ran in Semester 2
- Announce at an STMU
  - 5 minutes to explain
  - End of Huawei?
    - Before/while people are getting pizza
    - QR code on screen
- Social media post(s) before STMU

### STMUs
- Huawei are in person
  - Engineer from Edinburgh
- Rescheduled for 25th November (Tuesday)
- PHD student for 2nd talk might be unavailable after date change, waiting on confirmation
    - Could perhaps get Andrew in for talk if needed
    - School also wants 2 people in for talks
      - Bonus: Might be able to get school to pay for pizza
- We need to be actually be applying for reimbursements from the school for STMUs
- STMU Pizza budget £2000 for year, Used £1300
  - Last STMU we spent £800 on pizza.
    - Not sustainable
  - Increase budget a bit but also buy less
  - General rule:
    - Everyone gets one slice
    - if there is more remaining, free for all
  - 4 STMUs left (Nov, Jan, Feb, March)
  - Need sponsors to actually pay us
- Sponsors want to do some STMUs in semester 2
  - Might be more than 4:
    - Optiver
    - Gresearch
    - QRT (previously had bespoke event)
    - ...
  - 2 STMUs / Month?
  - Don't want to turn down sponsors due to lack of STMUs

### AoC
- Many thanks to Yuto for organising
- Mugs
  - Merlin has doubts on being able to dye sublimate onto a dark (black) surface
  - Starts on the 1st December, prizes given out after Christmas
  - We need to order prizes, but its still moving

### Committee Secret Santa
- Kay will send out link today
- Needs to be before exams
  - 1st/2nd December?
- Standard secret santa rules
- Gift exchange + Committee social

### Other
- Lloyds might be signing for gold if they respond
- Events in semester 2
  - Good for sponsors
  - Brainstorm later on
  - ICS class party
    - Like £500 bar tab at Bar 50
    - Not really a sponsor event
    - Sponsor people would happily show up
    - No "business value", to justify internally
- ARM lost money
  - Uni / Neil saying this was a donation from ARM
    - Uni seeking confirmation from ARM
    - In which case, we won't need to pay it back
  - We didn't respond to ARM, waiting on Neil
- InfQuiz
  - 30th November
  - £5 entry
  - Prizes from Neil
  - Is it free for committee members?
    - Unlikely, it's a fund raising event
- InfBall
  - in April, after AGM (as previous years)
  - Location: Secret!! (even to non-organising committee members!)
    - Invoice paid and confirmed
- **Goodluck everyone with Exams and coursework!**

## APs
- NeurotechSig
  - Communicate with Kay to make social media materials
- Other
  - Explain announcements queue somewhere in the channel (description or pin)
- Merlin
  - Perhaps confirm with Jakub (hacklab) or Emily about Dye sublimation on dark ceramic
