---
date: 20/01/2025 16:15
---

## **Attendees:**
- Vincent
- Godfrey
- Marton
- Lucas
- Charlotte
- Tomas
- Kacper
- Cat
- Merlin
- Elisa

## 1. **STMU update**
- Optiver will provide pizza, so most likely Papa John's.
- Idea to use Civerino's for future STMUs.
- Vincent will give out hugs to prize winners from Advent of Code.
- We will distribute prizes from Advent of Code by referencing the spreadsheet.
- We will test the code to access the member list on EUSA for the voting system.

## 2. **HackTheBurgh Update**
- The website is up and accepting applications.
- There was a brief period where the website went down but that is fixed.
- Congratualtions were given to the tech team behind the website.

## 3. **Sponsors Update**
- No further update on sponsors. No replies.

## 4. **InfBall Update**
- Plans are set to release tickets and location this week.
- No committee discount this year, but early access.
- Staff have been invited separately.
- No initial release for final year, however there are plenty of tickets so it is not a problem.

## 5. **Handovers**
- We should provide good handovers for the next committee.
- Use of the internal wiki and promotion of it would be ideal.
- Should have a scheduled day to do one to one handovers.
- We could ask new members to sign a contract.
- Ask new members to read the constitution.
- Create a glossary of terms for easy access.

## 6. **Miscellaneous**
- PwnEd will be run by SIGINT, conference and CTF.
- We will provide teabags for the 6th floor.
- We should find a suitable event to partner with Luxford Burgers.
- We will do a committee social such as potluck.
- We will do a committee outing such as ninja warrior, mini golf, ice skating.