# CompSoc Meeting Minutes 2025-10-06
## Attendees
### Committee
- President - **Kacper**
- Secretary - **Alex**
- Treasurer - **Kameran**
- Vice President - **Anna**
- TechSec - **Emily**
- Graphic Designer - **Kay**
- EDI Rep - **Sorana**
- 2nd Year Rep - **Danyil**
### SIG Reps
- TARDIS - **Merlin**
## Items
### Last STMU
- Last STMU went very well - lots of people
	- Need some kind of signup system
	- G.07 max ~200?
- Estates doesn't want us to use the forum but working on this
	- Maybe AT LT?
### Active Bystander Training
- As many people to sign up as possible
	- Let Alex know when you sign up
### Next STMU - 29th October
- Numbers
	- Not sure how many people
	- Close doors at capacity
- Location
	- G.07
- Speakers
	- Sponsor
- Need to advertise asap
	- Sort out text
- Fill to capacity
	- Shut doors after
### EGM
- Election system
	- Don't have at the moment
- Call for manifestos
	- Write some announcement
	- Email the committee email
### NeuroTech SIG
- Will bring to next meeting
- Concerns over budget
	- Ask them to propose budget, sponsors, etc
- Will need 10 interested people
### Halloween event
- Want to run again
- Not on Halloween night - night before HTB
- Collaborate with Hoppers
	- Might want to run something more chill?
		- Or both!
	- Sci-fi horror movie screening
	- Could run in InfSpace - Sorana
- The Golf Tavern again?
- Week before Halloween w/c 20th
### BitSig
- Contact Eugene under or find replacements - Anna
- Look to recover
### CloudSig
- Announce plans to dissolve cloudsig - dissolve by next week
### EVP
- We need to announce EVP
- Should be done ASAP
- Instagram post
- Channel on discord
### Weekly event posts
- Need social media team
- Should be based on calendar - but sigs lack access
- Cut-off Sunday evening
- Should be largely the same each week
- Sunday evening or Monday announcement
	- Anna will remind
## Misc.
- Sig naming
	- Sigs shouldn't rebrand as socs - need to keep a connection to CompSoc
	- Not imminent but need to make reference to compsoc
- Yuto billing
	- Emily, Kameran need to remove Yuto's card from system
## Actions
- Sort poster text for Kay - Anna
- Call for manifestos - Alex, Emily
- Investigate social media team idea
- Contact Eugene under or find replacements for Bit Sig - Anna
- Cloudsig dissolution announcement  - Anna
- Announce EVP - Anna, Kay
- Channel for EVP - Emily
- Review SIG Dissolution rules - Alex
	- Review larger committee changes
	- Junior treasurer
- Update sponsor site - Emily, Kay
	- Lloyds in progress
- Remove Yuto's card - Kameran, Emily 
- Investigate funding for graphic designer tools - Kameran
