---
date: 11/03/2025 16:15
---

**Attendees:**
- Vincent
- Godfrey
- Elisa
- Agam
- Marton
- Kacper
- Lucas
- Anastasia
- Ryan
- Cat
- Kam
- Stan
- Vojtech
- Merlin

## 1. **HackTheBurgh Recap**
- The event went very well, with large amounts of positive responses.
- QRT and Optiver already interested in next year.
- We will move it to October next semester to align with recruitment timelines.
- MOving to October will mean more sponsors and interested.
- Don't want to overlap with TU Munich and should consider Adahack.
- Kam is interested in running it next year.
- Possibly keep branding and other things like food.
- Merch will be the difficult part to organise.
- Sponsorships will have to be dealt with before Summer.

## 2. **AGM Promotion**
- Agam presents the social media plan.
- We need someone with a staff card to print posters.
- We gathered volunteers to do different parts of the plan.
- Idea to do a committee post with roles.
- All of the committee should fill out a form about their roles.
- Also will do a committee reel on what CompSoc gave them.
- Will do a story Q&A.

## 3. **Junior Treasurer Vote**
- The vote is to add the Junior Treasurer role as an elected committee member in the constitution.
- A Quroum was not met, so votes are still being collected.
- From the meeting, 13 vote yes, 1 vote no.

## 4. **Events & Socials**
- We would like to do an end of year party.
- Location options could be: Bar50, Informatics Forum, IF Balcony.
- Could also have a post-AGM party.
- CompSoc pub quiz idea with CompSoc trivia.
- End of exams event.
- Next week is AcFams event.
- Idea to do another event open to everyone next week.

## 5. **InfBall Update**
- Final ticket sales going out
- Looking for volunteer to host raffle and come up with prizes