# CompSoc Committee Meeting 2024-02-24

Minutes taken by Charlotte Ausel, EDI Rep.

Attendees: Anastasia, Agam, Godfrey (online), Cat (online), Leo, Vojtech, Charlotte, Ol, Merlin,
Vincent, Kacper, Kameran, Marton, Lucas, Eugene, Tomas (online), Elisa

Apologies: Lewis

## Questions for Edinburgh Venture Point (EVP)

1. Are you paying someone for the website or why is it equiv. 4 h of an hourly wage? It's a standard
   WordPress subscription; they didn't have the tech expertise to create this at a cheaper cost.

2. Why is CompSoc doing this? CompSoc has a great atmosphere for creating things and has great
   potential to produce successful startups. Some committee members responded with the fact that
   this isn't really something that CompSoc does, since other SIGs are directly technology related,
   whereas EVP would only tangentially be related to tech. CompSoc will also be the first group to
   get the chance to support EVP should it go successfully.
3. Did CompSoc members turn up to their first event, if not, then isn't it unlikely that CompSoc
   members will enjoy it? Some CompSoc members did indeed show up, and it was suggested that EVP
   joining CompSoc as a SIG could help boost their numbers too. On a technical note, they already
   have the minimum required support of 10 members and a leader for creation of a SIG.

## Other points

It was mentioned that the startup fund of 500 GBP was pathetically low should it be spread amongst
several groups. Overall, the finances, though better than last time, were still a bit
questionable. Still, it's realistic enough to consider supporting.

After the EVP presenters left the room, the committee decided that — since the school technically
supported CompSoc financially under the premise that a pitching-style event would happen, as well as
the fact that Edinburgh AI received a lot of funds for their AI Expo shortly after their
establishment — it was feasible to support them with some amount of money.

Some committee members objected outright to supporting EVP without them becoming a SIG. So we
decided to vote on the following questions:

1. Should EVP become a SIG?

2. If yes, should we support them with £1k?

3. If no, should we support them with £500?

## Vote

Results:
SIG? Yes 12, No 4, Abstain 1
Money 1k: Yes 11, No 6, Abstain 1

Vincent will now initiate the process for EVP to become a SIG and the committee will give them £1k
in the future for their events.

### Voting record

SIG No: Charlotte, Godfrey, Tomas, Cat

SIG Yes: Anastasia, Agam, Leo, Vojtech, Tardis rep (Ol/Merlin), Vincent, Kacper, Kameran, Marton,
Lucas, Eugene, Elisa

SIG Abstain: Lewis

Money No: Charlotte, Godfrey, Tomas, Cat, Kasper, Tardis

Money Yes: Anastasia, Agam, Leo, Vojtech, Vincent, Kameran, Marton, Lucas, Eugene, Elisa

Money Abstain: Lewis
