# CompSoc Meeting Minutes 2025-10-13
## Attendees
### Committee
- President - **Kacper**
- Secretary - **Alex**
- Vice President - **Anna**
- TechSec - **Emily**
- Social Secretary - **Param**
- Graphic Designer - **Kay**
- EDI Rep - **Sorana**
- 4th Year Rep - **Vojtech**
### SIG Reps
- TARDIS - **Merlin**
### Halloween party
- Prob. 25th
- Hoppers collab
- Interested in Golf Tavern and costume party
### Social media team
- Put up announcement for social media team roles
- Non committee
- Roles and social responsibilities:
	- Up to Tim to allocate roles
	- Jobs
		- Photography
		- Social posts
		- Sponsor posts
		- Someone to chase Kay about producing graphics
- But shouldn't add work to committee - don't overlap
### Cloudsig
- Need to do announcement, and will need quorum next week
### QRT Event
- Wants to hold event Monday 10th November 6-8 ish
- Room: G.07 hopefully
	- Reach out to InfForum servitors tonight to book room
	- Booking would be 5:30-9 if we can
- Produce promotional material
- Panel event
### Infball Clothes Sale
- Going along
- Need 2 volunteers for Thursday 12pm - 1:30pm
	- Anya maybe?
	- Kacper maybe?
### Welfare working group
- Aim to review code of conduct, values
- Also aim to create protocols/procedures for handling complaints, safeguarding concerns
- Communicate to community that people can come to EDI rep (point of contact) 
- Anonymous contact forms
	- Help
	- Feedback
- Members:
	- Anna
	- Alex
	- Sorana
	- Kacper
### BitSig Leadership
- Old leader happy to hand off to Marc, Omar
- Plans
	- Host workshops
	- Tech talks by leaders or industry figures
		- Talking to people already
	- Open with theory talks and introductory workshops
	- Computer in minecraft as entry event
	- Academics
- Sig collabs
	- Gamedev
	- AI
	- Sigint
- Handover done!
### NeuroTech Sig
- What is your expected spending?
	- Initial workshops won't need high expenses, just use pre-recorded data
- Numbers?
	- 32 people signed up
- Potential talks from:
	- Academics
	- Neurotech companies in Glasgow, Strathclyde
	- Collab/hackathon with Imperial Neurotech society
- Events
	- Will probably be start next semesters
	- Or maybe an intro
- Unanimous vote to create sig O7
## Misc.
- Next STMU
	- Still waiting to hear back about allowed numbers
	- Also still supposed to do fire warden training
	- Sorana has fire steward training
- EVP announce
	- Just need to do the Instagram post
- Let's do names/roles/pronouns in future
- Sponsor site update is done
## Actions
- Confirm Halloween venue with Hoppers tonight - Param
- Reach out to servitors tonight - Anna
- Find volunteers for Infball clothes sale
- BitSig, handover discord - Emily, Omar
- Create NeuroTechSig
	- Announcement
	- Add to discord roles
	- Create channel on discord
	- Need to create a discord
