# CompSoc Meeting Minutes 2025-10-20
## Attendees
### Committee
- President - **Kacper**
- Secretary - **Alex**
- Treasurer - **Kameran**
- Vice President - **Anna**
- TechSec - **Emily**
- Social Secretary - **Param**
- Graphic Designer - **Kay**
- 2nd Year Rep - **Danyil**
### SIG Reps
- BitSIG - **Omar**
- TARDIS - **Merlin**
- NeuroTech - **Amar**
## Items
### STMU Prep
- Need to check permission to record event
- Max committee turnout pls
- Will have academics during the break - to chat to students (Hellen?)
### HTB Volunteers
- HTB would like more volunteers
- Opening to committee
- Rewards for people who sign up
### Merch
- Socks
	- Need to look into templates - what website to get from
- Massively discount the quarter zip
- Do engagement checking to see what people would like in terms of merchandise
### EGM
- Voting system
	- Got scripts that we need
	- Just need to encourage
- Need to upload manifestos
## Cauldron
- Cauldron labs
- Event 4th November
- Will have some volunteers to represent
- And we do promotion
### CloudSig
- People
	- Sam
	- Iretemi
	- Eva
- Planned events
	- AWS Intro
	- Professor talk
	- Sigint - cloud security
	- EdinburghAI/Quantsig
	- Weekly/monthly events?
		- Small challenges
		- Deployments
		- Workshops
	- Requested to come back with plan for regular event
	- Likely to be working on projects together
- Costs
	- Want to host on TARDIS
	- Free AWS etc credits for students
	- People to write to who can come to events for free
	- No immediate costs (?)
- Spoken to old leader?
	- Ghosted
	- Might need to create a new server
- Overlap with tardis?
- How many people interested?
	- No 3rd/4th years interested - but might reach out
	- Plans to expand beyond friends?
## Misc.
- QRT Event
	- 10th November
	- 6pm-8pm
		- Will need volunteers
	- Panel discussion
- Halloween Event
	- Param has reached out to Bar 50
	- Will need announcement post
	- Aiming for 25th
	- Need to coordinate prizes with Hoppers
## Actions
- Look into sock options @Alex
- Produce survey for merch idea @Alex @Kay
- Coordinate hoppers event @Param
- Check permission to record Bending Spoons event @Anna
- Asked CloudSig to produce:
	- Plan for regular events
	- Estimated expenses
- Post manifestos @Emily
