---
date: 17/03/2025 16:15
---

**Attendees:**
- Vincent
- Godfrey
- Elisa
- Agam
- Marton
- Kacper
- Lucas
- Anastasia
- Cat
- Kam
- Merlin
- Tomas

## 1. **Updates on Socials**
- On this week, we have the Academic families event.
- No emails will be sent to the first years due to parents informing them.
- Pub quiz on Thursday might be rescheduled due to communication issues between Hoppers and Bar 50.
- Reschuling might be tricky due to other events around that time.
- Arthur's Seat hike has been planned, however weather is a concern.
- We will also need first aiders for the hike.
- There will also be a social for painting pottery.

## 2. **AGM Promotion Update**
- Everything is going well do far.
- Posters have been delayed.
- Slides are being presented in lectures this week.
- There will be a post tomorrow, however only 9 committee members filled it out.
- Committee will be tagged in this post and may be asked questions about it.
- Committee should send videos for the committee reel ASAP.

## 3. **School x CompSoc Competition**
- Pavlos from the School wants to make a competition that leverages Gen AI for teaching purposes.
- Examples include marking, teaching and study guides.
- The School will provide prizes and handle all logistics.
- CompSoc will promote the event and provide a judge.

## 4. **Handover**
- All committee should fill out the internal wiki prior to the AGM ideally, April 10th at the latest.

## 5. **Budget**
- InfBall sales are over. More tickets were sold than expected.
- We were underbudget for InfBall by £3000.
- Ideas to either use this money for merch or for next year.

## 6. **Instagram Ideas**
- There is an idea to create a close friends list for the Instagram stories.
- People could be added through various events.
- Informal behind the scenes of CompSoc events.