<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en"><head><meta charSet="utf-8"/><meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"/><link rel="preload" as="image" href="https://compsoc-edinburgh.github.io/comp-soc.com/compsoc-mini.png" fetchPriority="high"/><link rel="stylesheet" href="./_next/static/css/fb8581701600257b.css" data-precedence="next"/><link rel="stylesheet" href="./_next/static/css/54f9ddd098fa72b3.css" data-precedence="next"/><link rel="preload" as="script" fetchPriority="low" href="./_next/static/chunks/webpack-aca9d2a62b86c43b.js"/><script src="./_next/static/chunks/fd9d1056-b77796a653f0ee34.js" async=""></script><script src="./_next/static/chunks/23-5bb246a9cfdf71c0.js" async=""></script><script src="./_next/static/chunks/main-app-e6f1899339fc5611.js" async=""></script><script src="./_next/static/chunks/4b5b508e-898eaf5b3328333a.js" async=""></script><script src="./_next/static/chunks/231-d9549b433032eeef.js" async=""></script><script src="./_next/static/chunks/173-381dfe0b598c8022.js" async=""></script><script src="./_next/static/chunks/app/layout-30e1494777be8ca8.js" async=""></script><script src="./_next/static/chunks/app/minutes/%5Bslug%5D/page-d45456dfd171a680.js" async=""></script><meta name="theme-color" content="#353535"/><title>CompSoc</title><meta name="description" content="CompSoc is Edinburgh University&#x27;s technology society! We&#x27;re Scotland&#x27;s best and largest of its kind, and form one of the largest societies within the university."/><link rel="icon" href="https://compsoc-edinburgh.github.io/comp-soc.com/compsoc-mini.png"/><script src="./_next/static/chunks/polyfills-78c92fac7aa8fdd8.js" noModule=""></script></head><body class="relative overflow-x-clip w-screen mx-auto"><div class="relative overflow-x-clip w-screen mx-auto bg-background transition-colors duration-1000"><div class="fixed pointer-events-none z-[100] grid" style="grid-template-columns:repeat(0, 64px)"></div><nav class="sticky top-0 z-[100]  p-0 w-screen bg-foreground border-b-border border-b-2"><div class="container max-w-5xl mx-auto flex justify-between items-center py-4 px-4 lg:px-0"><div class="text-white font-bold"><a href="https://compsoc-edinburgh.github.io/comp-soc.com/"><img alt="Wide CompSoc logo" fetchPriority="high" width="24" height="24" decoding="async" data-nimg="1" class="transform scale-125" style="color:transparent" src="https://compsoc-edinburgh.github.io/comp-soc.com/compsoc-mini.png"/></a></div><div class="flex space-x-8 px-2"><a class="hover:opacity-100 opacity-50" href="https://compsoc-edinburgh.github.io/comp-soc.com/team">Team</a><a class="hover:opacity-100 opacity-50" href="https://compsoc-edinburgh.github.io/comp-soc.com/events">Events</a><a class="hover:opacity-100 opacity-50" href="https://compsoc-edinburgh.github.io/comp-soc.com/about">About</a><a class="hover:opacity-100 opacity-50" href="https://compsoc-edinburgh.github.io/comp-soc.com/families">Families</a></div></div></nav><div class="container mx-auto max-w-screen-xl p-4 pb-32"><div class="max-w-5xl mx-auto pt-32"><a href="https://compsoc-edinburgh.github.io/comp-soc.com/minutes">Back</a><div class="minutes"><p><strong>Present (12)</strong>: Fergus (President), Ali (VP), Vojtech (Project Share President), Sophie (Treasurer), Aurora (School Rep), Krzystof (GameDevSig President &#x26; Fourth Year Rep), Adam (Tech Sec), Chives (Old Person Rep), Vincent (First Year Rep), Tomas (Third Year Rep), Yuto (Graphic Designer)</p>
<p><strong>Absent (9)</strong>: Secretary, Social Secretary, Second Year Rep, EDI Rep, SIGINT President, QuantSIG President, CloudSIG President, TypeSig President, Tardis Project President</p>
<h2>Agenda</h2>
<ul>
<li>Situation with Treasurer and Bank Accounts</li>
<li>Fergus has updates about a potentially important strategic partner</li>
<li>College Representation</li>
<li>Events (upcoming socials, November STMU, January STMU, March HTB and April InfBall)</li>
<li>Discord server ownership and moderation debate
<ul>
<li>Debate Topic: Removal of a separate moderation team, consolidating staff powers in core committee</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2>Meeting Minutes</h2>
<ul>
<li>Financing
<ul>
<li>Sophie (Treasurer) stepping down due to fourth year studies taking priority
<ul>
<li>In role until January STMU (which will be an EGM), happy to continue InfBall organisation</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Santander Bank Account: <strong>frozen due to suspicious activity</strong>
<ul>
<li>Can't invoice with the account until 12 January until situation is resolved</li>
<li>Fergus has confirmed via Neil that the School is happy to be invoiced until this point as an emergency measure
<ul>
<li>Pizza specifically can be ordered ordered through the university's ties with Papa Johns. May need to notify orders much earlier than a day before like we traditionally do.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Approx 700 GBP is in the EUSA account for emergency use too, although likely not necessary this time</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Sponsor Companies
<ul>
<li>Currently approx 14.000 in locked Santander account (could be higher if Bloomberg money arrived before locking)</li>
<li>Meta requires student societies to be a legal body with a VAT number (cannot use EUSA's charity number), and complex situation
<ul>
<li>Sophie + Fergus are in the loop and working on this</li>
<li><strong>TODO</strong>: Fergus to see if he can get Meta to deposit to School instead and transfer to CompSoc</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Terra: pending replies on their side</li>
<li>Google: pending replies on their side
<ul>
<li><strong>TODO</strong>: Fergus to ping update for this</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Participation Grant of 5k:
<ul>
<li>Estimated results and arrival would be around February</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Important Person
<ul>
<li>Fergus having 1:1 with an important person announced tomorrow to talk about CompSoc</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>College Representation
<ul>
<li>Aurora (School Rep) hasn't received replies on request for posting CompSoc on CSE newsletter or mailing list
<ul>
<li><strong>TODO</strong>: Aurora to chase up on this</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Events
<ul>
<li>Socials and Bar events
<ul>
<li><strong>TODO</strong>: Yuto to finish graphics this weekend</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>November STMU: Speakers ready, graphic pending, poster pending.
<ul>
<li>Budget: around 300-350 GBP</li>
<li><strong>TODO</strong>: Yuto to finish them and get them up in AT before weekend</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>January STMU: Speakers pending, graphic pending.
<ul>
<li>Budget: around 350-400 GBP due to start-of-semester influx</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>HackTheBurgh:
<ul>
<li>Discussed in SIG Meeting at 15:00: potentially have SIGs set sub-challenges within a CompSoc challenge, offering top 1/2/3 prizes within the whole of CompSoc challenge</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Infball
<ul>
<li>Ticket prices to be decided near time of sale, but estimate budget using 50 GBP (2022: 35 GBP, 2023: 55 GBP)
<ul>
<li>Reduce after-party tickets as it was packed last year - lower income. set higher prices?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Status: Currently scouting for venues (The Caves and Dynamic Earth are candidates due to Balmoral declining society bookings).</li>
<li>CompSoc has capacity to fund 5,000 GBP now if needed
<ul>
<li>By January/February, can offer a minimum of 2k extra or more as needed.</li>
<li>For now, estimate with roughly the same plan as last year (7k from CompSoc, 1k from School).</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Dicsord Server Moderation Debate
<ul>
<li>Yuto raises that moderation of CompSoc Discord feels detached from society
<ul>
<li>Fergus cites multiple past incidents where current committee has clashed on decisions with moderation team</li>
<li>Students assume moderation decisions come with committee input and we are targeted as a result</li>
<li>There is a possible chance that CompSoc IRL event attendance is affected by a perceived closed-friend-group chat feel</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Input from experienced people still important for consideration
<ul>
<li>Possibly keep separate communication channel for advice</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Decision on 'Committee Members will be the sole moderators of CompSoc Discord'
<ol>
<li>Committee members can choose to add specific people to help either moderation or event organisation (Hackathons, InfBall, etc). These people will be removed a the end of each society year and re-added if continuing, to ensure all mods are active</li>
<li>There should be a creation of a channel for asking for and receiving advice from past committee</li>
<li>Because this would make the Discord Staff role obsolete, delete this role</li>
</ol>
<ul>
<li>12 Committee members present and in agreement for</li>
<li>1 Committee member absent and against</li>
<li>8 Committee members absent and not voted</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul></div></div></div></div><div class="relative w-full bg-csred"><div class="relative w-full h-96"></div><footer class="absolute top-0 text-white"><div class="flex flex-col gap-2 m-12 pointer-events-none user-select-none"></div></footer></div><script src="./_next/static/chunks/webpack-aca9d2a62b86c43b.js" async=""></script><script>(self.__next_f=self.__next_f||[]).push([0]);self.__next_f.push([2,null])</script><script>self.__next_f.push([1,"1:HL[\"./_next/static/css/fb8581701600257b.css\",\"style\"]\n2:HL[\"./_next/static/css/54f9ddd098fa72b3.css\",\"style\"]\n"])</script><script>self.__next_f.push([1,"3:I[95751,[],\"\"]\n6:I[39275,[],\"\"]\n8:I[61343,[],\"\"]\n9:I[84269,[\"21\",\"static/chunks/4b5b508e-898eaf5b3328333a.js\",\"231\",\"static/chunks/231-d9549b433032eeef.js\",\"173\",\"static/chunks/173-381dfe0b598c8022.js\",\"185\",\"static/chunks/app/layout-30e1494777be8ca8.js\"],\"default\"]\na:I[35719,[\"21\",\"static/chunks/4b5b508e-898eaf5b3328333a.js\",\"231\",\"static/chunks/231-d9549b433032eeef.js\",\"173\",\"static/chunks/173-381dfe0b598c8022.js\",\"185\",\"static/chunks/app/layout-30e1494777be8ca8.js\"],\"default\"]\nb:I[42452,[\"21\",\"static/chunks/4b5b508e-898eaf5b3328333a.js\",\"231\",\"static/chunks/231-d9549b433032eeef.js\",\"173\",\"static/chunks/173-381dfe0b598c8022.js\",\"185\",\"static/chunks/app/layout-30e1494777be8ca8.js\"],\"default\"]\nc:I[80519,[\"21\",\"static/chunks/4b5b508e-898eaf5b3328333a.js\",\"231\",\"static/chunks/231-d9549b433032eeef.js\",\"173\",\"static/chunks/173-381dfe0b598c8022.js\",\"185\",\"static/chunks/app/layout-30e1494777be8ca8.js\"],\"default\"]\ne:I[76130,[],\"\"]\n7:[\"slug\",\"2023-11-22\",\"d\"]\nf:[]\n"])</script><script>self.__next_f.push([1,"0:[[[\"$\",\"link\",\"0\",{\"rel\":\"stylesheet\",\"href\":\"./_next/static/css/fb8581701600257b.css\",\"precedence\":\"next\",\"crossOrigin\":\"$undefined\"}]],[\"$\",\"$L3\",null,{\"buildId\":\"QTaKMffOf97kYAvpm8n1I\",\"assetPrefix\":\".\",\"initialCanonicalUrl\":\"/minutes/2023-11-22\",\"initialTree\":[\"\",{\"children\":[\"minutes\",{\"children\":[[\"slug\",\"2023-11-22\",\"d\"],{\"children\":[\"__PAGE__?{\\\"slug\\\":\\\"2023-11-22\\\"}\",{}]}]}]},\"$undefined\",\"$undefined\",true],\"initialSeedData\":[\"\",{\"children\":[\"minutes\",{\"children\":[[\"slug\",\"2023-11-22\",\"d\"],{\"children\":[\"__PAGE__\",{},[[\"$L4\",\"$L5\"],null],null]},[\"$\",\"$L6\",null,{\"parallelRouterKey\":\"children\",\"segmentPath\":[\"children\",\"minutes\",\"children\",\"$7\",\"children\"],\"error\":\"$undefined\",\"errorStyles\":\"$undefined\",\"errorScripts\":\"$undefined\",\"template\":[\"$\",\"$L8\",null,{}],\"templateStyles\":\"$undefined\",\"templateScripts\":\"$undefined\",\"notFound\":\"$undefined\",\"notFoundStyles\":\"$undefined\",\"styles\":[[\"$\",\"link\",\"0\",{\"rel\":\"stylesheet\",\"href\":\"./_next/static/css/54f9ddd098fa72b3.css\",\"precedence\":\"next\",\"crossOrigin\":\"$undefined\"}]]}],null]},[\"$\",\"$L6\",null,{\"parallelRouterKey\":\"children\",\"segmentPath\":[\"children\",\"minutes\",\"children\"],\"error\":\"$undefined\",\"errorStyles\":\"$undefined\",\"errorScripts\":\"$undefined\",\"template\":[\"$\",\"$L8\",null,{}],\"templateStyles\":\"$undefined\",\"templateScripts\":\"$undefined\",\"notFound\":\"$undefined\",\"notFoundStyles\":\"$undefined\",\"styles\":null}],null]},[[\"$\",\"html\",null,{\"lang\":\"en\",\"children\":[\"$\",\"body\",null,{\"className\":\"relative overflow-x-clip w-screen mx-auto\",\"children\":[[\"$\",\"$L9\",null,{\"children\":[\"$\",\"$La\",null,{\"children\":[[\"$\",\"$Lb\",null,{}],[\"$\",\"div\",null,{\"className\":\"container mx-auto max-w-screen-xl p-4 pb-32\",\"children\":[\"$\",\"$L6\",null,{\"parallelRouterKey\":\"children\",\"segmentPath\":[\"children\"],\"error\":\"$undefined\",\"errorStyles\":\"$undefined\",\"errorScripts\":\"$undefined\",\"template\":[\"$\",\"$L8\",null,{}],\"templateStyles\":\"$undefined\",\"templateScripts\":\"$undefined\",\"notFound\":[[\"$\",\"title\",null,{\"children\":\"404: This page could not be found.\"}],[\"$\",\"div\",null,{\"style\":{\"fontFamily\":\"system-ui,\\\"Segoe UI\\\",Roboto,Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif,\\\"Apple Color Emoji\\\",\\\"Segoe UI Emoji\\\"\",\"height\":\"100vh\",\"textAlign\":\"center\",\"display\":\"flex\",\"flexDirection\":\"column\",\"alignItems\":\"center\",\"justifyContent\":\"center\"},\"children\":[\"$\",\"div\",null,{\"children\":[[\"$\",\"style\",null,{\"dangerouslySetInnerHTML\":{\"__html\":\"body{color:#000;background:#fff;margin:0}.next-error-h1{border-right:1px solid rgba(0,0,0,.3)}@media (prefers-color-scheme:dark){body{color:#fff;background:#000}.next-error-h1{border-right:1px solid rgba(255,255,255,.3)}}\"}}],[\"$\",\"h1\",null,{\"className\":\"next-error-h1\",\"style\":{\"display\":\"inline-block\",\"margin\":\"0 20px 0 0\",\"padding\":\"0 23px 0 0\",\"fontSize\":24,\"fontWeight\":500,\"verticalAlign\":\"top\",\"lineHeight\":\"49px\"},\"children\":\"404\"}],[\"$\",\"div\",null,{\"style\":{\"display\":\"inline-block\"},\"children\":[\"$\",\"h2\",null,{\"style\":{\"fontSize\":14,\"fontWeight\":400,\"lineHeight\":\"49px\",\"margin\":0},\"children\":\"This page could not be found.\"}]}]]}]}]],\"notFoundStyles\":[],\"styles\":null}]}]]}]}],[\"$\",\"$Lc\",null,{}]]}]}],null],null],\"couldBeIntercepted\":false,\"initialHead\":[false,\"$Ld\"],\"globalErrorComponent\":\"$e\",\"missingSlots\":\"$Wf\"}]]\n"])</script><script>self.__next_f.push([1,"10:I[95423,[\"231\",\"static/chunks/231-d9549b433032eeef.js\",\"820\",\"static/chunks/app/minutes/%5Bslug%5D/page-d45456dfd171a680.js\"],\"default\"]\n11:T1625,"])</script><script>self.__next_f.push([1,"\u003cp\u003e\u003cstrong\u003ePresent (12)\u003c/strong\u003e: Fergus (President), Ali (VP), Vojtech (Project Share President), Sophie (Treasurer), Aurora (School Rep), Krzystof (GameDevSig President \u0026#x26; Fourth Year Rep), Adam (Tech Sec), Chives (Old Person Rep), Vincent (First Year Rep), Tomas (Third Year Rep), Yuto (Graphic Designer)\u003c/p\u003e\n\u003cp\u003e\u003cstrong\u003eAbsent (9)\u003c/strong\u003e: Secretary, Social Secretary, Second Year Rep, EDI Rep, SIGINT President, QuantSIG President, CloudSIG President, TypeSig President, Tardis Project President\u003c/p\u003e\n\u003ch2\u003eAgenda\u003c/h2\u003e\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eSituation with Treasurer and Bank Accounts\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eFergus has updates about a potentially important strategic partner\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eCollege Representation\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eEvents (upcoming socials, November STMU, January STMU, March HTB and April InfBall)\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eDiscord server ownership and moderation debate\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eDebate Topic: Removal of a separate moderation team, consolidating staff powers in core committee\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003ch2\u003eMeeting Minutes\u003c/h2\u003e\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eFinancing\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eSophie (Treasurer) stepping down due to fourth year studies taking priority\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eIn role until January STMU (which will be an EGM), happy to continue InfBall organisation\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eSantander Bank Account: \u003cstrong\u003efrozen due to suspicious activity\u003c/strong\u003e\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eCan't invoice with the account until 12 January until situation is resolved\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eFergus has confirmed via Neil that the School is happy to be invoiced until this point as an emergency measure\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003ePizza specifically can be ordered ordered through the university's ties with Papa Johns. May need to notify orders much earlier than a day before like we traditionally do.\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eApprox 700 GBP is in the EUSA account for emergency use too, although likely not necessary this time\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eSponsor Companies\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eCurrently approx 14.000 in locked Santander account (could be higher if Bloomberg money arrived before locking)\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eMeta requires student societies to be a legal body with a VAT number (cannot use EUSA's charity number), and complex situation\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eSophie + Fergus are in the loop and working on this\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003e\u003cstrong\u003eTODO\u003c/strong\u003e: Fergus to see if he can get Meta to deposit to School instead and transfer to CompSoc\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eTerra: pending replies on their side\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eGoogle: pending replies on their side\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003e\u003cstrong\u003eTODO\u003c/strong\u003e: Fergus to ping update for this\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eParticipation Grant of 5k:\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eEstimated results and arrival would be around February\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eImportant Person\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eFergus having 1:1 with an important person announced tomorrow to talk about CompSoc\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eCollege Representation\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eAurora (School Rep) hasn't received replies on request for posting CompSoc on CSE newsletter or mailing list\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003e\u003cstrong\u003eTODO\u003c/strong\u003e: Aurora to chase up on this\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eEvents\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eSocials and Bar events\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003e\u003cstrong\u003eTODO\u003c/strong\u003e: Yuto to finish graphics this weekend\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eNovember STMU: Speakers ready, graphic pending, poster pending.\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eBudget: around 300-350 GBP\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003e\u003cstrong\u003eTODO\u003c/strong\u003e: Yuto to finish them and get them up in AT before weekend\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eJanuary STMU: Speakers pending, graphic pending.\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eBudget: around 350-400 GBP due to start-of-semester influx\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eHackTheBurgh:\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eDiscussed in SIG Meeting at 15:00: potentially have SIGs set sub-challenges within a CompSoc challenge, offering top 1/2/3 prizes within the whole of CompSoc challenge\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eInfball\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eTicket prices to be decided near time of sale, but estimate budget using 50 GBP (2022: 35 GBP, 2023: 55 GBP)\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eReduce after-party tickets as it was packed last year - lower income. set higher prices?\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eStatus: Currently scouting for venues (The Caves and Dynamic Earth are candidates due to Balmoral declining society bookings).\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eCompSoc has capacity to fund 5,000 GBP now if needed\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eBy January/February, can offer a minimum of 2k extra or more as needed.\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eFor now, estimate with roughly the same plan as last year (7k from CompSoc, 1k from School).\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eDicsord Server Moderation Debate\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eYuto raises that moderation of CompSoc Discord feels detached from society\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eFergus cites multiple past incidents where current committee has clashed on decisions with moderation team\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eStudents assume moderation decisions come with committee input and we are targeted as a result\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eThere is a possible chance that CompSoc IRL event attendance is affected by a perceived closed-friend-group chat feel\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eInput from experienced people still important for consideration\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003ePossibly keep separate communication channel for advice\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eDecision on 'Committee Members will be the sole moderators of CompSoc Discord'\n\u003col\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eCommittee members can choose to add specific people to help either moderation or event organisation (Hackathons, InfBall, etc). These people will be removed a the end of each society year and re-added if continuing, to ensure all mods are active\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eThere should be a creation of a channel for asking for and receiving advice from past committee\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eBecause this would make the Discord Staff role obsolete, delete this role\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ol\u003e\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003e12 Committee members present and in agreement for\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003e1 Committee member absent and against\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003e8 Committee members absent and not voted\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e"])</script><script>self.__next_f.push([1,"5:[\"$\",\"$L10\",null,{\"contentHtml\":\"$11\"}]\nd:[[\"$\",\"meta\",\"0\",{\"name\":\"viewport\",\"content\":\"width=device-width, initial-scale=1\"}],[\"$\",\"meta\",\"1\",{\"name\":\"theme-color\",\"content\":\"#353535\"}],[\"$\",\"meta\",\"2\",{\"charSet\":\"utf-8\"}],[\"$\",\"title\",\"3\",{\"children\":\"CompSoc\"}],[\"$\",\"meta\",\"4\",{\"name\":\"description\",\"content\":\"CompSoc is Edinburgh University's technology society! We're Scotland's best and largest of its kind, and form one of the largest societies within the university.\"}],[\"$\",\"link\",\"5\",{\"rel\":\"icon\",\"href\":\"https://compsoc-edinburgh.github.io/comp-soc.com/compsoc-mini.png\"}]]\n4:null\n"])</script></body></html>