<!DOCTYPE html><html lang="en"><head><meta charSet="utf-8"/><meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"/><link rel="preload" as="image" href="https://comp-soc.com/compsoc-mini.svg" fetchPriority="high"/><link rel="stylesheet" href="/_next/static/css/93e106f4bd035ff9.css" data-precedence="next"/><link rel="stylesheet" href="/_next/static/css/5071fba01565cfd4.css" data-precedence="next"/><link rel="preload" as="script" fetchPriority="low" href="/_next/static/chunks/webpack-88d9896d67368076.js"/><script src="/_next/static/chunks/fd9d1056-b77796a653f0ee34.js" async=""></script><script src="/_next/static/chunks/23-d152fad951c12f65.js" async=""></script><script src="/_next/static/chunks/main-app-e6f1899339fc5611.js" async=""></script><script src="/_next/static/chunks/4b5b508e-898eaf5b3328333a.js" async=""></script><script src="/_next/static/chunks/90-27299e249fa17905.js" async=""></script><script src="/_next/static/chunks/173-a4fc881f158b666a.js" async=""></script><script src="/_next/static/chunks/250-f46a353d0d67b303.js" async=""></script><script src="/_next/static/chunks/app/layout-3e525d04e98d2664.js" async=""></script><script src="/_next/static/chunks/app/minutes/%5Bslug%5D/page-c3c38c8a089db779.js" async=""></script><meta name="theme-color" content="#353535"/><title>CompSoc</title><meta name="description" content="CompSoc is Edinburgh University&#x27;s technology society! We&#x27;re Scotland&#x27;s best and largest of its kind, and form one of the largest societies within the university."/><link rel="icon" href="https://comp-soc.com/compsoc-mini.svg"/><script src="/_next/static/chunks/polyfills-78c92fac7aa8fdd8.js" noModule=""></script></head><body class="relative overflow-x-clip w-screen mx-auto"><div class="relative overflow-x-clip w-screen mx-auto bg-background transition-colors duration-1000"><div class="fixed pointer-events-none z-[100] grid" style="grid-template-columns:repeat(0, 64px)"></div><nav class="sticky top-0 z-[100] p-0 w-screen bg-foreground border-b-border border-b-2"><div class="container max-w-5xl mx-auto flex justify-between items-center py-4 px-4 lg:px-0"><div class="flex items-center gap-4 pl-2 md:pl-0"><a href="https://comp-soc.com/"><img alt="Wide CompSoc logo" fetchPriority="high" width="24" height="24" decoding="async" data-nimg="1" class="transform scale-125" style="color:transparent" src="https://comp-soc.com/compsoc-mini.svg"/></a><a href="https://www.instagram.com/comp_soc/" target="_blank" class="opacity-50 hover:opacity-100 ml-4"><svg width="1.5em" height="1.5em" stroke-width="1.5" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" color="currentColor"><path d="M12 16C14.2091 16 16 14.2091 16 12C16 9.79086 14.2091 8 12 8C9.79086 8 8 9.79086 8 12C8 14.2091 9.79086 16 12 16Z" stroke="currentColor" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"></path><path d="M3 16V8C3 5.23858 5.23858 3 8 3H16C18.7614 3 21 5.23858 21 8V16C21 18.7614 18.7614 21 16 21H8C5.23858 21 3 18.7614 3 16Z" stroke="currentColor"></path><path d="M17.5 6.51L17.51 6.49889" stroke="currentColor" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"></path></svg></a><a href="https://discord.gg/fmp7p9Ca4y" target="_blank" class="opacity-50 hover:opacity-100"><svg width="1.5em" height="1.5em" viewBox="0 0 24 24" stroke-width="1.5" fill="none" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" color="currentColor"><path d="M5.5 16C10.5 18.5 13.5 18.5 18.5 16" stroke="currentColor" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"></path><path d="M15.5 17.5L16.5 19.5C16.5 19.5 20.6713 18.1717 22 16C22 15 22.5301 7.85339 19 5.5C17.5 4.5 15 4 15 4L14 6H12" stroke="currentColor" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"></path><path d="M8.52832 17.5L7.52832 19.5C7.52832 19.5 3.35699 18.1717 2.02832 16C2.02832 15 1.49823 7.85339 5.02832 5.5C6.52832 4.5 9.02832 4 9.02832 4L10.0283 6H12.0283" stroke="currentColor" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"></path><path d="M8.5 14C7.67157 14 7 13.1046 7 12C7 10.8954 7.67157 10 8.5 10C9.32843 10 10 10.8954 10 12C10 13.1046 9.32843 14 8.5 14Z" stroke="currentColor" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"></path><path d="M15.5 14C14.6716 14 14 13.1046 14 12C14 10.8954 14.6716 10 15.5 10C16.3284 10 17 10.8954 17 12C17 13.1046 16.3284 14 15.5 14Z" stroke="currentColor" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"></path></svg></a><a href="https://uk.linkedin.com/company/compsoc" target="_blank" class="opacity-50 hover:opacity-100"><svg width="1.5em" height="1.5em" stroke-width="1.5" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" color="currentColor"><path d="M21 8V16C21 18.7614 18.7614 21 16 21H8C5.23858 21 3 18.7614 3 16V8C3 5.23858 5.23858 3 8 3H16C18.7614 3 21 5.23858 21 8Z" stroke="currentColor" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"></path><path d="M7 17V13.5V10" stroke="currentColor" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"></path><path d="M11 17V13.75M11 10V13.75M11 13.75C11 10 17 10 17 13.75V17" stroke="currentColor" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"></path><path d="M7 7.01L7.01 6.99889" stroke="currentColor" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"></path></svg></a></div><div class="hidden sm:flex space-x-8 px-2"><a class="hover:opacity-100 opacity-50 undefined" href="https://comp-soc.com/news/">News</a><a class="hover:opacity-100 opacity-50 undefined" href="https://comp-soc.com/team/">Team</a><a class="hover:opacity-100 opacity-50 undefined" href="https://comp-soc.com/events/">Events</a><a class="hover:opacity-100 opacity-50 undefined" href="https://comp-soc.com/sponsors">Sponsors</a></div><button class="sm:hidden text-white focus:outline-none opacity-50 hover:opacity-100 transition-all duration-300"><div class="transform transition-transform duration-200 scale-100"><svg width="1.5em" height="1.5em" stroke-width="1.5" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" color="currentColor"><path d="M3 5H21" stroke="currentColor" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"></path><path d="M3 12H21" stroke="currentColor" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"></path><path d="M3 19H21" stroke="currentColor" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"></path></svg></div></button></div><div class="sm:hidden bg-foreground"><div class="container max-w-5xl mx-auto px-4 flex flex-col gap-4 overflow-hidden transition-all duration-300" style="height:0;opacity:0"><a class="hover:opacity-100 opacity-50 text-xl bg-border rounded-sm p-2 text-white" href="https://comp-soc.com/news/">News</a><a class="hover:opacity-100 opacity-50 text-xl bg-border rounded-sm p-2 text-white" href="https://comp-soc.com/team/">Team</a><a class="hover:opacity-100 opacity-50 text-xl bg-border rounded-sm p-2 text-white" href="https://comp-soc.com/events/">Events</a><a class="hover:opacity-100 opacity-50 text-xl bg-border rounded-sm p-2 text-white" href="https://comp-soc.com/sponsors">Sponsors</a></div></div></nav><div class="container mx-auto max-w-screen-xl p-4 pb-32 min-h-screen"><div class="min-h-screen bg-gradient-to-br from-background via-background to-csgrey/20"><div class="max-w-4xl mx-auto pt-20 pb-16"><div class="mb-12"><div class="flex items-center gap-3 mb-6"><a class="flex items-center gap-2 text-zinc-400 hover:text-csred transition-colors font-space-mono text-sm group" href="https://comp-soc.com/minutes"><svg width="1.5em" height="1.5em" viewBox="0 0 24 24" stroke-width="1.5" fill="none" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" color="currentColor" class="w-4 h-4 group-hover:-translate-x-1 transition-transform"><path d="M21 12L3 12M3 12L11.5 3.5M3 12L11.5 20.5" stroke="currentColor" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"></path></svg>Back to Minutes</a><span class="text-zinc-600">/</span><span class="text-zinc-400 font-space-mono text-sm truncate max-w-[200px]">2024-01-24</span></div><div class="border border-border  bg-foreground/50 backdrop-blur-sm p-8"><div class="flex flex-col lg:flex-row lg:items-center lg:justify-between gap-6"><div class="flex-1"><p class="text-csred font-space-mono text-sm font-medium mb-2 uppercase tracking-wider">Meeting Minutes</p><h1 class="font-tomorrow text-3xl lg:text-4xl mb-4 leading-tight">Wednesday 24 January 2024</h1><div class="flex flex-wrap gap-4 text-sm text-zinc-400"><div class="flex items-center gap-2"><svg width="1.5em" height="1.5em" stroke-width="1.5" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" color="currentColor" class="w-4 h-4"><path d="M15 4V2M15 4V6M15 4H10.5M3 10V19C3 20.1046 3.89543 21 5 21H19C20.1046 21 21 20.1046 21 19V10H3Z" stroke="currentColor" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"></path><path d="M3 10V6C3 4.89543 3.89543 4 5 4H7" stroke="currentColor" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"></path><path d="M7 2V6" stroke="currentColor" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"></path><path d="M21 10V6C21 4.89543 20.1046 4 19 4H18.5" stroke="currentColor" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"></path></svg>Wednesday 24 January 2024</div><div class="flex items-center gap-2"><svg width="1.5em" height="1.5em" stroke-width="1.5" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" color="currentColor" class="w-4 h-4"><path d="M6 20L18 20" stroke="currentColor" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"></path><path d="M12 4V16M12 16L15.5 12.5M12 16L8.5 12.5" stroke="currentColor" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"></path></svg>Last updated <!-- -->08/06/2025</div></div></div><div class="flex gap-3"><button class="flex items-center gap-2 px-4 py-2 bg-border hover:bg-border/70  transition-colors font-space-mono text-sm"><svg width="1.5em" height="1.5em" stroke-width="1.5" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" color="currentColor" class="w-4 h-4"><path d="M20 13V19C20 20.1046 19.1046 21 18 21H6C4.89543 21 4 20.1046 4 19V13" stroke="currentColor" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"></path><path d="M12 15V3M12 3L8.5 6.5M12 3L15.5 6.5" stroke="currentColor" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"></path></svg>Share</button></div></div></div></div><div class="border border-border  bg-foreground/30 backdrop-blur-sm overflow-hidden"><div class="p-8 lg:p-12"><div class="minutes prose prose-invert prose-lg max-w-none prose-headings:font-tomorrow prose-headings:text-white prose-headings:border-b prose-headings:border-border/30 prose-headings:pb-3 prose-headings:mb-6 prose-h1:text-2xl prose-h2:text-xl prose-h3:text-lg prose-p:leading-relaxed prose-p:text-zinc-300 prose-p:mb-4 prose-li:text-zinc-300 prose-li:mb-2 prose-li:leading-relaxed prose-ul:space-y-2 prose-ol:space-y-2 prose-strong:text-white prose-strong:font-semibold prose-em:text-zinc-200 prose-em:italic prose-code:bg-border/50 prose-code:px-2 prose-code:py-1 prose-code:rounded prose-code:text-csred prose-code:text-sm prose-blockquote:border-l-4 prose-blockquote:border-csred prose-blockquote:bg-border/20 prose-blockquote:p-4 prose-blockquote:rounded-r-lg prose-blockquote:not-italic prose-a:text-csred prose-a:no-underline hover:prose-a:underline hover:prose-a:text-csred/80 prose-hr:border-border/50 prose-hr:my-8 "><blockquote>
<p><em>CompSoc's committee and its Discord server moderators discuss the future moderation of the server.</em></p>
</blockquote>
<p>Minutes by Vincent and Chives. Vincent's minutes:</p>
<h3>Attendees</h3>
<p>Fergus (President), Ali (Vice-President), Krzystof (4th Year Rep), Yuto (Graphic Designer), Chives (Old Person Rep), Vincent (1st Year Rep), Ol (Tardis), Aurora (School Rep), Tomas (3rd Year Rep), Arin (2nd Year Rep), Maya (Secretary), Kit, Arch (HTB), Rokas, Paula, Aria</p>
<h2>Minutes</h2>
<p>Each speaker has 30 seconds for opening statements. Fergus encourages everyone to propose solutions that will take into account the position of both parties.</p>
<h3>Opening statements</h3>
<ul>
<li>Fergus
<ul>
<li>There are issues with unformalized constitution</li>
<li>A lot of procedures are passed down by word-of-mouth, not written</li>
<li>The goal is to have some solution that both parties would be happy with (and feel represented)</li>
<li>Fergus won't be in CompSoc committee for much longer, so he aims to help moderate this debate</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Krzystof
<ul>
<li>Agrees with Fergus on the matter; all decisions related to the society should be decided by the elected committee.</li>
<li>Acknowledges the Discord server is separate from the society, although that is strange.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Tomas
<ul>
<li>CompSoc fills a very nice place in university life, and previous committees have done a big job shaping CompSoc into what it is today</li>
<li>A bit confused how CompSoc is different from the server</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Vincent
<ul>
<li>As first year rep, Vincent is quite new to the context of the society and Discord server.</li>
<li>Will to try vote on something that benefits both parties, as well as all CompSoc members.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Chives
<ul>
<li>From what he's seen, the whole process looks unorganized and unformalized - old moderators stay with their roles, even if they aren't involved in the server.</li>
<li>Things should be formalized</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Arch, from Hack the Borough, walks in</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Kit
<ul>
<li>Has been around in the society for a long time, but also acknowledges that people who have been around for long do not necessarily know better or the right way</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Rokas
<ul>
<li>Was on the committee a few years ago</li>
<li>Rokas thinks there is more good being done than harm with old committee members doing moderation</li>
<li>Rokas is happy to be removed from the moderation team, but wants to stand for those who want to stay</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Arch
<ul>
<li>"Thing is, I have no idea what this is about"</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Yuto
<ul>
<li>Doesn't participate in Discord moderation much</li>
<li>The impression Yuto made when he joined the university in 2020 is that the Discord server is very important for the society.</li>
<li>The fact that the moderation team is not directly related to CompSoc was strange, and the moderation team details should be formalized.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Paula
<ul>
<li>Was on the committee long ago. Still has the role, but does not do any moderation.</li>
<li>Understands the need to ensure that those who stay with the role actually are involved in moderation.</li>
<li>The risk is that if a committee gets elected that doesn't have the society's best interests at heart, there should be a group of people who can advice the committee members</li>
<li>This problem should have formal documentation - most things are just word of mouth</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Aurora
<ul>
<li>"Agree with most of the committee"</li>
<li>Hopes for clarification why the moderation team is separate from the society</li>
<li>Understands that a large part of the debate is about protected channels, but feels neutral because Aurora is not a part of any of the protected communities</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Aria
<ul>
<li>Was on the committee 2-3 years ago, now in Tardis</li>
<li>Wants the server be more resistant to bad committee members if there is one in the future</li>
<li>Would like to have a say for graduates in the server, so graduates stay in CompSoc</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Ol
<ul>
<li>Wasn't part of the first meeting, wants to get a better picture of the problem before reaching a decision</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Ali
<ul>
<li>30 people had a committee role in the past. Ali believes this role should be a minimum role, and not full of an excessive number of people</li>
<li>Questions whether a future committee that disagrees with the moderators or is "a bad committee" - would the moderation team be able to communicate with them or would it divide the server?</li>
<li>"If a future committee wants to take the server to a different direction, how will things go?"</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Maya
<ul>
<li>The impression being on the server is that a university space with 16-year-olds should not be moderated by older graduates.</li>
<li>Recognizes that there is a lot of moderation that needs to be done, agrees with Charlotte's proposals.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Arin
<ul>
<li>Was confused by degree of separation by the server and the society</li>
<li>Agrees with Yuto - regardless of the solution, it needs to be formalized in the constitution</li>
<li>Believes the problem stems from the fact that we don't know what is going on</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p>Sidenote: Fergus says we need an open meeting about constitution changes (with CompSoc members).</p>
<p><strong>Yuto leaves the meeting</strong></p>
<h3>Main discussion</h3>
<p>Note to readers: the conversation below is not an exact quote, but a close account</p>
<ul>
<li>Fergus
<ul>
<li>The current model of the protected channels may not be as protected as we think</li>
<li>If malicious person X knows person Y, and is looking on dirt on person Y, they can join protected channels without writing messages, and monitor secret conversation (for example, person Y is closeted).</li>
<li><strong>Proposal</strong>: protected channels are linked to the Discord server, and there are notifications when people join.</li>
<li>People who are moderators in CompSoc would be moderators in protected servers.</li>
<li>This would mean a future president (who sees all protected channels by default) would not be able to access these servers, because they would function separately from the CompSoc server.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Tomas:
<ul>
<li>Agrees with the points in terms of security, but doesn't know how vetting works</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Fergus:
<ul>
<li>Vetting would be up to each protected server</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Aria:
<ul>
<li>Change the system that makes a bot send a message to the channel, so a new server is not needed</li>
<li>Change the moderation role permissions so presidents don't have access</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Fergus:
<ul>
<li>Even though it seems the server is separate from the society, there is an element that the server reflects on the society.</li>
<li>Fergus had a discussion with Neil about giving the school of informatics power to launch an impeachment of the president (this discussion followed the committee of last year). This also makes sense given that president is now a staff position.</li>
<li>We could decide on some number of positions (e.g., president, tech-sec and secretary) who have equal moderation roles.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p>Moving forward, the term "legacy" will include all Discord staff/moderators who are not current elected committee members.</p>
<ul>
<li>Fergus:
<ul>
<li>Legacy will be written into the constitution</li>
<li>Legacy + 2/3 majority can invoke an impeachment</li>
<li>Becuase this is written into the constitution, it's enforcable</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p>*Charlotte arrives, Vincent and Krzystof leaves. <strong>The remaining minutes are written by Chives.*</strong></p>
<p>Fergus:</p>
<ul>
<li>The definition and who to be of “legacy committee” to be discussed in the future.</li>
</ul>
<h4>When should moderation permissions be removed from members?</h4>
<ul>
<li>Ol:
<ul>
<li>Not doing any moderation does not necessarily mean moderation privilege should be taken away, e.g. people who has moderation privilege because they need to do server admin stuff</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Fergus:
<ul>
<li>This is to be decided case-by-case</li>
<li>Removing a moderator from the legacy team should be voted on by all members</li>
<li>Moderators should be active in the server. An inactive mod e.g., no posts in a month</li>
<li>Possible also to remove someone’s moderation privilege and give them back in a later time if they hope to return.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Tomas:
<ul>
<li>Very old moderators should give background information</li>
<li>Is the society the server?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>KitB: (History of division of the server and society)
<ul>
<li>The IRC server was started a long time ago by members, and a few years ago society decided it to be the society's official server. Moderators decided to give society admin access. Committee taking over is a bit of a [did not catch the word] to members of the server who have been around for a long time.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Fergus:
<ul>
<li>The server is the official server, though separate from society.</li>
<li>As CompSoc grows (with SIGs etc.), .. [missed the end of the sentence]</li>
<li>It isn’t something we want to go and make a separate server, it is important for the committee to have a say in what we do on the server. Server is not just a legacy members server, it’s a members’ server.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Tomas:
<ul>
<li>Server becoming more CompSoc-y as time goes on. People didn’t know (anything happened before) assumes CompSoc equals the Discord server</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Fergus:
<ul>
<li>Maintaining a balance is important, and it can be achieved e.g. by legacy members being able to bring up impeachment.</li>
<li>(On how CompSoc is different from any other societies) CompSoc is run by a large number of people i.e. around 50. (Give examples of graduates involved in the Discord server, and interact with newer students) We want people to stick around (it’s very valuable), but also to look forward.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Maya:
<ul>
<li>(On why possible changes are suggested) Something running as in the last 20 years doesn't mean it’s not broken, doesn't mean it never needs to change. Server not running by committee is strange, anything CompSoc branding is CompSoc.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>10 minute break</strong></p>
<h4>Charlotte's plan</h4>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Charlotte:</p>
<ul>
<li>In old committee years some/all committee/president often had moderator roles, people think this was a bad idea.</li>
<li>Propose: to send out call for moderators (among all users on CompSoc Discord server)</li>
<li>If committee or moderators disagrees with someone within their group being moderator, they decide if the person should go. This can be a problem as each group decides within. The process needs to be formalised. Either committee and moderators can raise e.g. suggest to add moderators, both parties need to agree.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Paula:</p>
<ul>
<li>Constitution should state minimum members of moderators from committee/dedicated moderators</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Ali:</p>
<ul>
<li>There should be levels of moderations</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p>People agree maybe 2 levels of moderators, e.g. one does tasks e.g. removing spams, another does more including server admin</p>
<ul>
<li>Paula:
<ul>
<li>Consensus within and between committee and moderators(?)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Fergus:
<ul>
<li>Suggests members vote(?)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>KitB:
<ul>
<li>Needs something fault tolerance, resistant from bad committee</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Fergus:
<ul>
<li>(Examples of possible effort to improve involvement on CompSoc decisions) To stream AGM/EGM, as many members (on Discord) does not come to STMU</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Paula:
<ul>
<li>Abusing mod power should be punished e.g. timeout. The idea needs to be formalised.</li>
<li>Two levels of mod should be good, e.g. one has power to remove spam, another to make more decisions.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Paula leaves</em></p>
<ul>
<li>Fergus:
<ul>
<li>About dealing with malicious committee: there is the impeachment procedure.</li>
<li>Agrees with Paula’s idea of having a punishment procedure.</li>
<li>If current students misconduct, the school has procedures.</li>
<li>For people who have graduated, the school (technically) can do something(?). On Discord, actions can be taken against the user e.g. timeout, which can be less of a concern compared to IRL.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p>Members vote: concerns about manipulation if not much restrictions on who can vote (everyone in the Discord server can vote), maybe some verification e.g. requires matriculation of other forms of membership. Moderators can be of a higher level of trust as they need to be approved by moderators (committee/non-committee) also with the impeachment process, the system should be robust.</p>
<ul>
<li>Fergus:
<ul>
<li>Protected channels should have separate moderators.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h3>Whiteboard</h3>
<ul>
<li>Public mod application process</li>
<li>Adding/removing mod process to be formalized
<ul>
<li>Voted within both committee mods [Note on ambiguity from writer: Committee who are also mods or all elected committee members?] and non-committee mod; both groups have to agree to proceed the change</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Clear consequences for misuse mod power
<ul>
<li>3 strike system?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>2 levels - how to promote &#x26; demote</li>
<li>Separate system for protected channels</li>
</ul>
<p><img src="https://lh7-us.googleusercontent.com/Ea76dCmbm9t-A7s9fiYKyt7-o6hsybW0i9WeaqVsYoKkKd-Am5rji5k7S2MckhfDSxaDkOGKfGhv9e0STTXx17XU-WEpfPlM8wygKnmZhPzoyuH_Zqw-tnQdQr39C0T8F8S8tyzqKQ7IQbKvo1cOpzM" alt=""><img src="https://lh7-us.googleusercontent.com/tMzWuhuwfT1FLIHgIYHoBYErvCM_Xi0lT6l_qURwr1hdMyTxaep5EWWcPRvHxlCfKWm26F31RTkj3c7EV0vk4nW3fJVhXRqzU2VU-GIOWSajAmWXtekKi5-dzreiTwPKNOa0vmatPX-NvSogH3RPb_I" alt=""></p></div></div></div><div class="mt-12 pt-8 border-t border-border/30"><div class="flex flex-col sm:flex-row justify-between items-center gap-4 text-sm text-zinc-400"><div><p>CompSoc Edinburgh • Committee Meeting Minutes</p><p>Last modified on<!-- --> <!-- -->Sunday 8 June 2025</p></div><div class="flex gap-4"><a class="hover:text-csred transition-colors" href="https://comp-soc.com/minutes">Browse all minutes</a><button class="hover:text-csred transition-colors">Back to top</button></div></div></div></div></div></div></div><div class="relative w-full bg-csred"><div class="flex justify-center overflow-hidden py-2 perspective-[100000px]"><div class="text-white text-center" style="opacity:0;will-change:opacity,transform;transform:translateY(10px) rotateX(40deg)">CompSoc ❤️ You!</div></div><div class="relative w-full h-96"></div></div><script src="/_next/static/chunks/webpack-88d9896d67368076.js" async=""></script><script>(self.__next_f=self.__next_f||[]).push([0]);self.__next_f.push([2,null])</script><script>self.__next_f.push([1,"1:HL[\"/_next/static/css/93e106f4bd035ff9.css\",\"style\"]\n2:HL[\"/_next/static/css/5071fba01565cfd4.css\",\"style\"]\n"])</script><script>self.__next_f.push([1,"3:I[95751,[],\"\"]\n6:I[39275,[],\"\"]\n8:I[61343,[],\"\"]\n9:I[84269,[\"21\",\"static/chunks/4b5b508e-898eaf5b3328333a.js\",\"90\",\"static/chunks/90-27299e249fa17905.js\",\"173\",\"static/chunks/173-a4fc881f158b666a.js\",\"250\",\"static/chunks/250-f46a353d0d67b303.js\",\"185\",\"static/chunks/app/layout-3e525d04e98d2664.js\"],\"default\"]\na:I[35719,[\"21\",\"static/chunks/4b5b508e-898eaf5b3328333a.js\",\"90\",\"static/chunks/90-27299e249fa17905.js\",\"173\",\"static/chunks/173-a4fc881f158b666a.js\",\"250\",\"static/chunks/250-f46a353d0d67b303.js\",\"185\",\"static/chunks/app/layout-3e525d04e98d2664.js\"],\"default\"]\nb:I[42452,[\"21\",\"static/chunks/4b5b508e-898eaf5b3328333a.js\",\"90\",\"static/chunks/90-27299e249fa17905.js\",\"173\",\"static/chunks/173-a4fc881f158b666a.js\",\"250\",\"static/chunks/250-f46a353d0d67b303.js\",\"185\",\"static/chunks/app/layout-3e525d04e98d2664.js\"],\"default\"]\nc:I[92056,[\"21\",\"static/chunks/4b5b508e-898eaf5b3328333a.js\",\"90\",\"static/chunks/90-27299e249fa17905.js\",\"173\",\"static/chunks/173-a4fc881f158b666a.js\",\"250\",\"static/chunks/250-f46a353d0d67b303.js\",\"185\",\"static/chunks/app/layout-3e525d04e98d2664.js\"],\"default\"]\ne:I[76130,[],\"\"]\n7:[\"slug\",\"2024-01-24\",\"d\"]\nf:[]\n"])</script><script>self.__next_f.push([1,"0:[\"$\",\"$L3\",null,{\"buildId\":\"k6Kskl9deFqQcll01CDBJ\",\"assetPrefix\":\"\",\"urlParts\":[\"\",\"minutes\",\"2024-01-24\",\"\"],\"initialTree\":[\"\",{\"children\":[\"minutes\",{\"children\":[[\"slug\",\"2024-01-24\",\"d\"],{\"children\":[\"__PAGE__?{\\\"slug\\\":\\\"2024-01-24\\\"}\",{}]}]}]},\"$undefined\",\"$undefined\",true],\"initialSeedData\":[\"\",{\"children\":[\"minutes\",{\"children\":[[\"slug\",\"2024-01-24\",\"d\"],{\"children\":[\"__PAGE__\",{},[[\"$L4\",\"$L5\",[[\"$\",\"link\",\"0\",{\"rel\":\"stylesheet\",\"href\":\"/_next/static/css/5071fba01565cfd4.css\",\"precedence\":\"next\",\"crossOrigin\":\"$undefined\"}]]],null],null]},[null,[\"$\",\"$L6\",null,{\"parallelRouterKey\":\"children\",\"segmentPath\":[\"children\",\"minutes\",\"children\",\"$7\",\"children\"],\"error\":\"$undefined\",\"errorStyles\":\"$undefined\",\"errorScripts\":\"$undefined\",\"template\":[\"$\",\"$L8\",null,{}],\"templateStyles\":\"$undefined\",\"templateScripts\":\"$undefined\",\"notFound\":\"$undefined\",\"notFoundStyles\":\"$undefined\"}]],null]},[null,[\"$\",\"$L6\",null,{\"parallelRouterKey\":\"children\",\"segmentPath\":[\"children\",\"minutes\",\"children\"],\"error\":\"$undefined\",\"errorStyles\":\"$undefined\",\"errorScripts\":\"$undefined\",\"template\":[\"$\",\"$L8\",null,{}],\"templateStyles\":\"$undefined\",\"templateScripts\":\"$undefined\",\"notFound\":\"$undefined\",\"notFoundStyles\":\"$undefined\"}]],null]},[[[[\"$\",\"link\",\"0\",{\"rel\":\"stylesheet\",\"href\":\"/_next/static/css/93e106f4bd035ff9.css\",\"precedence\":\"next\",\"crossOrigin\":\"$undefined\"}]],[\"$\",\"html\",null,{\"lang\":\"en\",\"children\":[\"$\",\"body\",null,{\"className\":\"relative overflow-x-clip w-screen mx-auto\",\"children\":[[\"$\",\"$L9\",null,{\"children\":[\"$\",\"$La\",null,{\"children\":[[\"$\",\"$Lb\",null,{}],[\"$\",\"div\",null,{\"className\":\"container mx-auto max-w-screen-xl p-4 pb-32 min-h-screen\",\"children\":[\"$\",\"$L6\",null,{\"parallelRouterKey\":\"children\",\"segmentPath\":[\"children\"],\"error\":\"$undefined\",\"errorStyles\":\"$undefined\",\"errorScripts\":\"$undefined\",\"template\":[\"$\",\"$L8\",null,{}],\"templateStyles\":\"$undefined\",\"templateScripts\":\"$undefined\",\"notFound\":[[\"$\",\"title\",null,{\"children\":\"404: This page could not be found.\"}],[\"$\",\"div\",null,{\"style\":{\"fontFamily\":\"system-ui,\\\"Segoe UI\\\",Roboto,Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif,\\\"Apple Color Emoji\\\",\\\"Segoe UI Emoji\\\"\",\"height\":\"100vh\",\"textAlign\":\"center\",\"display\":\"flex\",\"flexDirection\":\"column\",\"alignItems\":\"center\",\"justifyContent\":\"center\"},\"children\":[\"$\",\"div\",null,{\"children\":[[\"$\",\"style\",null,{\"dangerouslySetInnerHTML\":{\"__html\":\"body{color:#000;background:#fff;margin:0}.next-error-h1{border-right:1px solid rgba(0,0,0,.3)}@media (prefers-color-scheme:dark){body{color:#fff;background:#000}.next-error-h1{border-right:1px solid rgba(255,255,255,.3)}}\"}}],[\"$\",\"h1\",null,{\"className\":\"next-error-h1\",\"style\":{\"display\":\"inline-block\",\"margin\":\"0 20px 0 0\",\"padding\":\"0 23px 0 0\",\"fontSize\":24,\"fontWeight\":500,\"verticalAlign\":\"top\",\"lineHeight\":\"49px\"},\"children\":\"404\"}],[\"$\",\"div\",null,{\"style\":{\"display\":\"inline-block\"},\"children\":[\"$\",\"h2\",null,{\"style\":{\"fontSize\":14,\"fontWeight\":400,\"lineHeight\":\"49px\",\"margin\":0},\"children\":\"This page could not be found.\"}]}]]}]}]],\"notFoundStyles\":[]}]}]]}]}],[\"$\",\"$Lc\",null,{}]]}]}]],null],null],\"couldBeIntercepted\":false,\"initialHead\":[null,\"$Ld\"],\"globalErrorComponent\":\"$e\",\"missingSlots\":\"$Wf\"}]\n"])</script><script>self.__next_f.push([1,"10:I[95423,[\"90\",\"static/chunks/90-27299e249fa17905.js\",\"820\",\"static/chunks/app/minutes/%5Bslug%5D/page-c3c38c8a089db779.js\"],\"default\"]\n11:T369f,"])</script><script>self.__next_f.push([1,"\u003cblockquote\u003e\n\u003cp\u003e\u003cem\u003eCompSoc's committee and its Discord server moderators discuss the future moderation of the server.\u003c/em\u003e\u003c/p\u003e\n\u003c/blockquote\u003e\n\u003cp\u003eMinutes by Vincent and Chives. Vincent's minutes:\u003c/p\u003e\n\u003ch3\u003eAttendees\u003c/h3\u003e\n\u003cp\u003eFergus (President), Ali (Vice-President), Krzystof (4th Year Rep), Yuto (Graphic Designer), Chives (Old Person Rep), Vincent (1st Year Rep), Ol (Tardis), Aurora (School Rep), Tomas (3rd Year Rep), Arin (2nd Year Rep), Maya (Secretary), Kit, Arch (HTB), Rokas, Paula, Aria\u003c/p\u003e\n\u003ch2\u003eMinutes\u003c/h2\u003e\n\u003cp\u003eEach speaker has 30 seconds for opening statements. Fergus encourages everyone to propose solutions that will take into account the position of both parties.\u003c/p\u003e\n\u003ch3\u003eOpening statements\u003c/h3\u003e\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eFergus\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eThere are issues with unformalized constitution\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eA lot of procedures are passed down by word-of-mouth, not written\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eThe goal is to have some solution that both parties would be happy with (and feel represented)\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eFergus won't be in CompSoc committee for much longer, so he aims to help moderate this debate\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eKrzystof\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eAgrees with Fergus on the matter; all decisions related to the society should be decided by the elected committee.\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eAcknowledges the Discord server is separate from the society, although that is strange.\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eTomas\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eCompSoc fills a very nice place in university life, and previous committees have done a big job shaping CompSoc into what it is today\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eA bit confused how CompSoc is different from the server\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eVincent\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eAs first year rep, Vincent is quite new to the context of the society and Discord server.\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eWill to try vote on something that benefits both parties, as well as all CompSoc members.\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eChives\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eFrom what he's seen, the whole process looks unorganized and unformalized - old moderators stay with their roles, even if they aren't involved in the server.\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eThings should be formalized\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003cp\u003e\u003cstrong\u003eArch, from Hack the Borough, walks in\u003c/strong\u003e\u003c/p\u003e\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eKit\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eHas been around in the society for a long time, but also acknowledges that people who have been around for long do not necessarily know better or the right way\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eRokas\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eWas on the committee a few years ago\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eRokas thinks there is more good being done than harm with old committee members doing moderation\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eRokas is happy to be removed from the moderation team, but wants to stand for those who want to stay\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eArch\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003e\"Thing is, I have no idea what this is about\"\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eYuto\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eDoesn't participate in Discord moderation much\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eThe impression Yuto made when he joined the university in 2020 is that the Discord server is very important for the society.\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eThe fact that the moderation team is not directly related to CompSoc was strange, and the moderation team details should be formalized.\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003ePaula\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eWas on the committee long ago. Still has the role, but does not do any moderation.\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eUnderstands the need to ensure that those who stay with the role actually are involved in moderation.\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eThe risk is that if a committee gets elected that doesn't have the society's best interests at heart, there should be a group of people who can advice the committee members\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eThis problem should have formal documentation - most things are just word of mouth\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eAurora\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003e\"Agree with most of the committee\"\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eHopes for clarification why the moderation team is separate from the society\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eUnderstands that a large part of the debate is about protected channels, but feels neutral because Aurora is not a part of any of the protected communities\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eAria\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eWas on the committee 2-3 years ago, now in Tardis\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eWants the server be more resistant to bad committee members if there is one in the future\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eWould like to have a say for graduates in the server, so graduates stay in CompSoc\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eOl\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eWasn't part of the first meeting, wants to get a better picture of the problem before reaching a decision\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eAli\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003e30 people had a committee role in the past. Ali believes this role should be a minimum role, and not full of an excessive number of people\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eQuestions whether a future committee that disagrees with the moderators or is \"a bad committee\" - would the moderation team be able to communicate with them or would it divide the server?\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003e\"If a future committee wants to take the server to a different direction, how will things go?\"\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eMaya\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eThe impression being on the server is that a university space with 16-year-olds should not be moderated by older graduates.\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eRecognizes that there is a lot of moderation that needs to be done, agrees with Charlotte's proposals.\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eArin\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eWas confused by degree of separation by the server and the society\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eAgrees with Yuto - regardless of the solution, it needs to be formalized in the constitution\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eBelieves the problem stems from the fact that we don't know what is going on\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003cp\u003eSidenote: Fergus says we need an open meeting about constitution changes (with CompSoc members).\u003c/p\u003e\n\u003cp\u003e\u003cstrong\u003eYuto leaves the meeting\u003c/strong\u003e\u003c/p\u003e\n\u003ch3\u003eMain discussion\u003c/h3\u003e\n\u003cp\u003eNote to readers: the conversation below is not an exact quote, but a close account\u003c/p\u003e\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eFergus\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eThe current model of the protected channels may not be as protected as we think\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eIf malicious person X knows person Y, and is looking on dirt on person Y, they can join protected channels without writing messages, and monitor secret conversation (for example, person Y is closeted).\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003e\u003cstrong\u003eProposal\u003c/strong\u003e: protected channels are linked to the Discord server, and there are notifications when people join.\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003ePeople who are moderators in CompSoc would be moderators in protected servers.\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eThis would mean a future president (who sees all protected channels by default) would not be able to access these servers, because they would function separately from the CompSoc server.\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eTomas:\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eAgrees with the points in terms of security, but doesn't know how vetting works\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eFergus:\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eVetting would be up to each protected server\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eAria:\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eChange the system that makes a bot send a message to the channel, so a new server is not needed\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eChange the moderation role permissions so presidents don't have access\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eFergus:\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eEven though it seems the server is separate from the society, there is an element that the server reflects on the society.\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eFergus had a discussion with Neil about giving the school of informatics power to launch an impeachment of the president (this discussion followed the committee of last year). This also makes sense given that president is now a staff position.\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eWe could decide on some number of positions (e.g., president, tech-sec and secretary) who have equal moderation roles.\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003cp\u003eMoving forward, the term \"legacy\" will include all Discord staff/moderators who are not current elected committee members.\u003c/p\u003e\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eFergus:\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eLegacy will be written into the constitution\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eLegacy + 2/3 majority can invoke an impeachment\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eBecuase this is written into the constitution, it's enforcable\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003cp\u003e*Charlotte arrives, Vincent and Krzystof leaves. \u003cstrong\u003eThe remaining minutes are written by Chives.*\u003c/strong\u003e\u003c/p\u003e\n\u003cp\u003eFergus:\u003c/p\u003e\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eThe definition and who to be of “legacy committee” to be discussed in the future.\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003ch4\u003eWhen should moderation permissions be removed from members?\u003c/h4\u003e\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eOl:\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eNot doing any moderation does not necessarily mean moderation privilege should be taken away, e.g. people who has moderation privilege because they need to do server admin stuff\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eFergus:\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eThis is to be decided case-by-case\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eRemoving a moderator from the legacy team should be voted on by all members\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eModerators should be active in the server. An inactive mod e.g., no posts in a month\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003ePossible also to remove someone’s moderation privilege and give them back in a later time if they hope to return.\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eTomas:\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eVery old moderators should give background information\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eIs the society the server?\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eKitB: (History of division of the server and society)\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eThe IRC server was started a long time ago by members, and a few years ago society decided it to be the society's official server. Moderators decided to give society admin access. Committee taking over is a bit of a [did not catch the word] to members of the server who have been around for a long time.\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eFergus:\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eThe server is the official server, though separate from society.\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eAs CompSoc grows (with SIGs etc.), .. [missed the end of the sentence]\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eIt isn’t something we want to go and make a separate server, it is important for the committee to have a say in what we do on the server. Server is not just a legacy members server, it’s a members’ server.\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eTomas:\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eServer becoming more CompSoc-y as time goes on. People didn’t know (anything happened before) assumes CompSoc equals the Discord server\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eFergus:\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eMaintaining a balance is important, and it can be achieved e.g. by legacy members being able to bring up impeachment.\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003e(On how CompSoc is different from any other societies) CompSoc is run by a large number of people i.e. around 50. (Give examples of graduates involved in the Discord server, and interact with newer students) We want people to stick around (it’s very valuable), but also to look forward.\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eMaya:\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003e(On why possible changes are suggested) Something running as in the last 20 years doesn't mean it’s not broken, doesn't mean it never needs to change. Server not running by committee is strange, anything CompSoc branding is CompSoc.\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003cp\u003e\u003cstrong\u003e10 minute break\u003c/strong\u003e\u003c/p\u003e\n\u003ch4\u003eCharlotte's plan\u003c/h4\u003e\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003e\n\u003cp\u003eCharlotte:\u003c/p\u003e\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eIn old committee years some/all committee/president often had moderator roles, people think this was a bad idea.\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003ePropose: to send out call for moderators (among all users on CompSoc Discord server)\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eIf committee or moderators disagrees with someone within their group being moderator, they decide if the person should go. This can be a problem as each group decides within. The process needs to be formalised. Either committee and moderators can raise e.g. suggest to add moderators, both parties need to agree.\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003e\n\u003cp\u003ePaula:\u003c/p\u003e\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eConstitution should state minimum members of moderators from committee/dedicated moderators\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003e\n\u003cp\u003eAli:\u003c/p\u003e\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eThere should be levels of moderations\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003cp\u003ePeople agree maybe 2 levels of moderators, e.g. one does tasks e.g. removing spams, another does more including server admin\u003c/p\u003e\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003ePaula:\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eConsensus within and between committee and moderators(?)\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eFergus:\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eSuggests members vote(?)\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eKitB:\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eNeeds something fault tolerance, resistant from bad committee\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eFergus:\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003e(Examples of possible effort to improve involvement on CompSoc decisions) To stream AGM/EGM, as many members (on Discord) does not come to STMU\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003ePaula:\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eAbusing mod power should be punished e.g. timeout. The idea needs to be formalised.\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eTwo levels of mod should be good, e.g. one has power to remove spam, another to make more decisions.\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003cp\u003e\u003cem\u003ePaula leaves\u003c/em\u003e\u003c/p\u003e\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eFergus:\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eAbout dealing with malicious committee: there is the impeachment procedure.\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eAgrees with Paula’s idea of having a punishment procedure.\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eIf current students misconduct, the school has procedures.\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eFor people who have graduated, the school (technically) can do something(?). On Discord, actions can be taken against the user e.g. timeout, which can be less of a concern compared to IRL.\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003cp\u003eMembers vote: concerns about manipulation if not much restrictions on who can vote (everyone in the Discord server can vote), maybe some verification e.g. requires matriculation of other forms of membership. Moderators can be of a higher level of trust as they need to be approved by moderators (committee/non-committee) also with the impeachment process, the system should be robust.\u003c/p\u003e\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eFergus:\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eProtected channels should have separate moderators.\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003ch3\u003eWhiteboard\u003c/h3\u003e\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003ePublic mod application process\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eAdding/removing mod process to be formalized\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eVoted within both committee mods [Note on ambiguity from writer: Committee who are also mods or all elected committee members?] and non-committee mod; both groups have to agree to proceed the change\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eClear consequences for misuse mod power\n\u003cul\u003e\n\u003cli\u003e3 strike system?\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003e2 levels - how to promote \u0026#x26; demote\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003cli\u003eSeparate system for protected channels\u003c/li\u003e\n\u003c/ul\u003e\n\u003cp\u003e\u003cimg src=\"https://lh7-us.googleusercontent.com/Ea76dCmbm9t-A7s9fiYKyt7-o6hsybW0i9WeaqVsYoKkKd-Am5rji5k7S2MckhfDSxaDkOGKfGhv9e0STTXx17XU-WEpfPlM8wygKnmZhPzoyuH_Zqw-tnQdQr39C0T8F8S8tyzqKQ7IQbKvo1cOpzM\" alt=\"\"\u003e\u003cimg src=\"https://lh7-us.googleusercontent.com/tMzWuhuwfT1FLIHgIYHoBYErvCM_Xi0lT6l_qURwr1hdMyTxaep5EWWcPRvHxlCfKWm26F31RTkj3c7EV0vk4nW3fJVhXRqzU2VU-GIOWSajAmWXtekKi5-dzreiTwPKNOa0vmatPX-NvSogH3RPb_I\" alt=\"\"\u003e\u003c/p\u003e"])</script><script>self.__next_f.push([1,"5:[\"$\",\"$L10\",null,{\"contentHtml\":\"$11\",\"title\":\"2024-01-24\",\"modifiedAt\":\"$D2025-06-08T21:57:39.248Z\"}]\nd:[[\"$\",\"meta\",\"0\",{\"name\":\"viewport\",\"content\":\"width=device-width, initial-scale=1\"}],[\"$\",\"meta\",\"1\",{\"name\":\"theme-color\",\"content\":\"#353535\"}],[\"$\",\"meta\",\"2\",{\"charSet\":\"utf-8\"}],[\"$\",\"title\",\"3\",{\"children\":\"CompSoc\"}],[\"$\",\"meta\",\"4\",{\"name\":\"description\",\"content\":\"CompSoc is Edinburgh University's technology society! We're Scotland's best and largest of its kind, and form one of the largest societies within the university.\"}],[\"$\",\"link\",\"5\",{\"rel\":\"icon\",\"href\":\"https://comp-soc.com/compsoc-mini.svg\"}]]\n4:null\n"])</script></body></html>