---
title: 'AGM 2025 - Call for manifestos'
author: Marton
excerpt_separator: '<!--See More-->'
---

At our next STMU 18:00, 2nd of April, we will be holding our AGM where we vote for our new committee.

We invite you to run for a position or come vote! There will be free pizza and drinks for everyone.

The positions available are: President, Vice-President, Secretary, Treasurer, Technical Secretary, Social Secretary, Social Media Officer, Graphics Designer, 2nd Year Representative, 3rd Year Representative, 4th Year Representative, Old Person Representative, and EDI Rep.

### Want to run for a position?

- (_Optional_) Send committee@comp-soc.com your manifesto (PDF of max 200 words) **by 8:00 PM Tuesday, 1st April 2025** specifying your full name and the role in the title (not included in word count).
- Prepare a speech. Length is 2 minutes for executive roles (President, Secretary, Treasurer) and 1 minute for the other roles. You may get asked questions afterwards.

You can view the submitted manifestos for all roles [here](https://comp-soc.com/news/2025-02-27-april-agm-manifestos/)

### Positions

See the following for descriptions of each position.

- **President**:

  - Responsible for the overall conduct of the society.
  - Responsible for facilitating communication between CompSoc and our sponsors.
  - Willing to dedicate a lot of time.

- **Vice-President**:

  - Organises monthly STMUs and other miscellaneous events with our sponsors.
  - Oversees working with our SIGs (Special Interest Groups).

- **Secretary**:

  - Responsible for the administration of the society
  - Publicising events by newsletters, social media etc
  - Writing minutes & preparing agendas for AGM, EGM, and weekly meetings
  - Society merch

- **Treasurer**:

  - Accountable to the committee and members for the finances of the society
  - Reimburses society members for expenses
  - Writing annual financial report
  - (Note that Junior Tresurer is elected at our EGM in October.)

- **2nd year, 3rd year, 4th year, and Old Person representatives**

  - Responsible for communication between their years and the Society, and promotes events to their year.
  - Year reps are also responsible for any projects they take up throughout the year.
  - (Note that 1st year rep is elected at our EGM in October.)

- **Technical Secretary**:

  - Maintains technical services and in charge of technical setup for events.
  - Experience with server management is recommended.

- **Social Secretary**:

  - Plans and organises our social events i.e. our pub nights, bowling, etc.

- **Social Media Officer**

  - In charge of social media accounts!
  - Responsible for promotion of promotion of events on all social media platforms

- **Graphic Designer**:

  - Responsible for the creation of art, logos, and other designs required by the society for events, merchandise, and other promotional material.

- **EDI Rep**
  - Implements initiatives to broaden inclusivity at CompSoc
  - Ensures communication and events at CompSoc are inclusive
  - Act as a confidential point-of-contact for EDI-related issues

CompSoc <3 You!
