# **CompSoc Meeting Minutes 2025-10-20**

## **Attendees**
### **Committee**
* President \- **Kacper**  

* Vice President \- **Anna**  

* TechSec \- **Emily**  

* Social Secretary \- **Param**  

* Graphic Designer \- **Kay**  

* 2nd Year Rep \- **Danyil**
### **SIG Reps**
* BitSIG \- **Omar**  

* SIGINT \- **Archie**  

* Tardis \- Merlin  

* Cloudsig \- Iretemi, Suvan, Eva

Guest \- Isaac (taking minutes)
## **Items**
**AI and accessibility hackathon**  

Anna approached by Aurora Constantin from school of informatics  

Google and skyscanner as sponsors (unsure if this is actually obtained or just planned targets?)  

Asking for help from compsoc  

Could be promotion, making challenges, organisational advice  

Planned to be in February  

Kacper \- Don’t want it to be like cauldron labs event, i.e. make sure compsoc doesn’t take too much of the burden

**EGM**  

uni events team aware of everything going on  

booked from 5-9pm  

Don’t share bending spoons recordings publicly, can stop/start livestream around it, post recording privately  

Kay has camera with mini-hdmi out which can be used for livestream through OBS, need to get adapter to HDMI  

Emily \- Need to rewrite rust code for scraping members list because uni changed auth stuff

  

Kaiwen won’t be allowed to play video during election, unfair as not explicitly stated in rules

  

**Kacper \- Web3 society hackathon collab request**  

Originally wanted to do it in sem1, rejected because of HtB, so moved to sem2  

Allegedly revolut, solana, etc. are willing to support  

“Crypto HtB I guess”  

AI agents, stablecoins, mini apps, DeFi  

Potentially say compsoc can’t help them unless they’re a SIG  

Ask if QuantSIG are interested?  

Kacper will get some of the web3 people to a future committee meeting to talk more about it

  

**Cloudsig**  

Kacper doesn’t want to vote about them today, technically they don’t need a quorum by the constitution, but practically they should need one because the SIG has been dead for 2 years so no direct line of succession  

Merlin \- point of quorum vote is to prevent priv-esc takeover of committee by small group of  people  

They have a budget, \~£350/year, over about 7 sessions, project share is more like £20 per session for snacks and stuff, list of sponsors to cold-email, might want to check for ones which have bad reputations (BDS lists) after getting responses  

Start running regular events in Sem2 to give more time for planning, start with a big intro event (AWS workshop), do regular events every 2 weeks  

Smaller businesses are more amenable for speakers  

Michael glienicke would be likely to be willing to do a talk \- might be useful for getting more traction with non 1st years  

SIGINT collab, CTF with cloud theme, e.g. misconfigured s3 buckets, …  

Anna, Kacper \- Important to advertise aggressively to try and get more non-1st years  

Push back Sem2 event by a week or 2 because lots of people won’t get back for a bit after christmas hols  

Emily \- clearly are taking it seriously, have proper planning for events, concur around importance of getting non 1st-years, diversifying committee outside of just 1 friend group to make SIG more sustainable, finding people who have more expertise for teaching  

Kacper wants to sign off on any announcements before they get sent  

Try to get access to mailing list for advertising  

Anna \- vote on cloudsig quickly to make it easier to do planning, events, advertising  

Don’t have enough of exec commitee for vote to take place this week  

kameran’s busy with HtB so might not be able to help out  

CloudSIG back for halloween \- frankenstein
