3:I[39275,[],""]
5:I[61343,[],""]
6:I[84269,["21","static/chunks/4b5b508e-898eaf5b3328333a.js","90","static/chunks/90-27299e249fa17905.js","173","static/chunks/173-a4fc881f158b666a.js","250","static/chunks/250-f46a353d0d67b303.js","185","static/chunks/app/layout-3e525d04e98d2664.js"],"default"]
7:I[35719,["21","static/chunks/4b5b508e-898eaf5b3328333a.js","90","static/chunks/90-27299e249fa17905.js","173","static/chunks/173-a4fc881f158b666a.js","250","static/chunks/250-f46a353d0d67b303.js","185","static/chunks/app/layout-3e525d04e98d2664.js"],"default"]
8:I[42452,["21","static/chunks/4b5b508e-898eaf5b3328333a.js","90","static/chunks/90-27299e249fa17905.js","173","static/chunks/173-a4fc881f158b666a.js","250","static/chunks/250-f46a353d0d67b303.js","185","static/chunks/app/layout-3e525d04e98d2664.js"],"default"]
9:I[92056,["21","static/chunks/4b5b508e-898eaf5b3328333a.js","90","static/chunks/90-27299e249fa17905.js","173","static/chunks/173-a4fc881f158b666a.js","250","static/chunks/250-f46a353d0d67b303.js","185","static/chunks/app/layout-3e525d04e98d2664.js"],"default"]
4:["slug","2023-11-08-sig","d"]
0:["McrobAKVTAVx-67NDatja",[[["",{"children":["minutes",{"children":[["slug","2023-11-08-sig","d"],{"children":["__PAGE__?{\"slug\":\"2023-11-08-sig\"}",{}]}]}]},"$undefined","$undefined",true],["",{"children":["minutes",{"children":[["slug","2023-11-08-sig","d"],{"children":["__PAGE__",{},[["$L1","$L2",[["$","link","0",{"rel":"stylesheet","href":"/_next/static/css/5071fba01565cfd4.css","precedence":"next","crossOrigin":"$undefined"}]]],null],null]},[null,["$","$L3",null,{"parallelRouterKey":"children","segmentPath":["children","minutes","children","$4","children"],"error":"$undefined","errorStyles":"$undefined","errorScripts":"$undefined","template":["$","$L5",null,{}],"templateStyles":"$undefined","templateScripts":"$undefined","notFound":"$undefined","notFoundStyles":"$undefined"}]],null]},[null,["$","$L3",null,{"parallelRouterKey":"children","segmentPath":["children","minutes","children"],"error":"$undefined","errorStyles":"$undefined","errorScripts":"$undefined","template":["$","$L5",null,{}],"templateStyles":"$undefined","templateScripts":"$undefined","notFound":"$undefined","notFoundStyles":"$undefined"}]],null]},[[[["$","link","0",{"rel":"stylesheet","href":"/_next/static/css/5178bbe67b729794.css","precedence":"next","crossOrigin":"$undefined"}]],["$","html",null,{"lang":"en","children":["$","body",null,{"className":"relative overflow-x-clip w-screen mx-auto","children":[["$","$L6",null,{"children":["$","$L7",null,{"children":[["$","$L8",null,{}],["$","div",null,{"className":"container mx-auto max-w-screen-xl p-4 pb-32 min-h-screen","children":["$","$L3",null,{"parallelRouterKey":"children","segmentPath":["children"],"error":"$undefined","errorStyles":"$undefined","errorScripts":"$undefined","template":["$","$L5",null,{}],"templateStyles":"$undefined","templateScripts":"$undefined","notFound":[["$","title",null,{"children":"404: This page could not be found."}],["$","div",null,{"style":{"fontFamily":"system-ui,\"Segoe UI\",Roboto,Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif,\"Apple Color Emoji\",\"Segoe UI Emoji\"","height":"100vh","textAlign":"center","display":"flex","flexDirection":"column","alignItems":"center","justifyContent":"center"},"children":["$","div",null,{"children":[["$","style",null,{"dangerouslySetInnerHTML":{"__html":"body{color:#000;background:#fff;margin:0}.next-error-h1{border-right:1px solid rgba(0,0,0,.3)}@media (prefers-color-scheme:dark){body{color:#fff;background:#000}.next-error-h1{border-right:1px solid rgba(255,255,255,.3)}}"}}],["$","h1",null,{"className":"next-error-h1","style":{"display":"inline-block","margin":"0 20px 0 0","padding":"0 23px 0 0","fontSize":24,"fontWeight":500,"verticalAlign":"top","lineHeight":"49px"},"children":"404"}],["$","div",null,{"style":{"display":"inline-block"},"children":["$","h2",null,{"style":{"fontSize":14,"fontWeight":400,"lineHeight":"49px","margin":0},"children":"This page could not be found."}]}]]}]}]],"notFoundStyles":[]}]}]]}]}],["$","$L9",null,{}]]}]}]],null],null],["$La",null]]]]
b:I[95423,["90","static/chunks/90-27299e249fa17905.js","820","static/chunks/app/minutes/%5Bslug%5D/page-c3c38c8a089db779.js"],"default"]
c:T20cf,<h1>2023/11/08 SIG Meeting</h1>
<blockquote>
<p><em>This is the first occurence of fortnightly SIG meetings, separate from Committee meetings. The aim is to discuss issues that affect SIGs, individual SIG problems &#x26; event updates, and any updates with budgeting/funding.</em></p>
</blockquote>
<p>Attendees:</p>
<ul>
<li>Committee (Fergus (pres.), Ali (vp.), Sophie (treasurer), Yuto (graphic des.))</li>
<li>QuantSIG (Alex, Sachin)</li>
<li>CloudSIG (Juin)</li>
<li>Tardis Project (Aria)</li>
<li>GameDevSig (Krzysztof)</li>
<li>Project Share (Vojtech)</li>
<li>TypeSig (Amy)</li>
<li>SIGINT (Jacob in place of Lorian)</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Consolidated TODOs</strong>:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>SIGs</strong> to request any additional funds apart from the base 300 (exceptions for TypeSig [500] and SIGINT [1500] for conferences) through Fergus (who will contact Neil)</li>
<li><strong>SIGs</strong> to put down email addresses in Discord #sigs to view funding spreadsheet that Sophie owns</li>
<li><strong>SIGs</strong> to draft up and send to Fergus (Discord/email) their target demographics, average attendee numbers, and what kind of things companies can get out of you</li>
<li><strong>GameDevSig</strong> to draft up an event idea by end of this week for a late-semester that Vincent can advertise in-class.</li>
<li><strong>QuantSIG</strong> to refresh posters and put them up for more visibility.</li>
<li><strong>Fergus</strong> to think about the AGM-style event ("Re-freshers event" in January) for SIG showcase. Potentially raise with Committee.</li>
<li><strong>Fergus</strong> to ask School about use of lockers for SIGs or alternatively making the cupboard more accessible out-of-hours.</li>
<li><strong>Ali</strong>/<strong>Fergus</strong> to sort out November and January STMU speakers, for which Tardis (Aria) is available to do a talk.</li>
<li><strong>Yuto</strong> to distribute CompSoc brand logos in color and monochrome.</li>
<li><strong>Yuto</strong> to draft up several mini-logo designs and placement on graphics, and optionally send out poll to SIGs if cannot decide.</li>
<li><strong>Yuto</strong> to create a SIG showcase poster and/or a graphic for the TV screen (likely 16:9).</li>
<li><strong>Adam</strong> or other interested members to overhaul website and include more things in SIG section, make meeting minutes more visible, update sponsor logos, potentially add event images.</li>
</ul>
<hr>
<h2>Funding</h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Problem</strong>: Neil has brought up that it is too many SIGs for him to fund
<ul>
<li><strong>Solution</strong>: Fergus will be meeting Neil weekly anyway. Fergus to formalise a "contract" thing for SIGs, so SIGs can request through Fergus and the School can get guarantees that it will be used for the requested SIG only</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>CompSoc Funds:
<ul>
<li>Base funding for SIG doubled from 150 to 300 GBP</li>
<li>Exceptions for SIGINT (annual 1500) and TypeSig (500)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Additional funds from the school (re: proposal above):
<ul>
<li>Contact Sophie with formalised request just like for society funds
<ul>
<li>Put down any hypothetical fund requests as definites as the paperwork requires this</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Sophie owns read-only spreadsheet of funds
<ul>
<li><strong>TODO</strong>: SIGs to put down email addresses to view spreadsheet</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2>Commercialisation of CompSoc</h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Vision</strong>: Selling CompSoc through the School of Informatics. Pursuade companies to purchase the sponsorship package for CompSoc &#x26; SIG.</li>
<li>SIGs
<ul>
<li><strong>TODO</strong>: SIGs to write target demographics</li>
<li><strong>TODO</strong>: SIGs to write average attendee numbers</li>
<li><strong>TODO</strong>: SIGs to write what kind of things companies can get out of you</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Timeframe
<ul>
<li>Anytime from next semester to next academic year</li>
<li>SIGs should prepare this academic year already -- making sure your SIG doesn't die (finding committee)</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2>AGM-style event for SIGs</h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Problem</strong>: Many SIGs likely will have successor problems (bar TypeSig &#x26; Tardis who have an idea).</li>
<li><strong>Proposed solution</strong>: AGM-style event for SIGs. Students write manifestos, SIGs look over it.</li>
<li><strong>Proposed solution</strong>: Lots of SIGs this year (likely first time), so maybe a SIG Fair. "Re-freshers event".</li>
</ul>
<h2>Meeting Rooms</h2>
<ul>
<li>Payment now required for G.07.
<ul>
<li>TypeSig has had to pay 275 GBP (cheap for venue of that size, but still).</li>
<li>HTB &#x26; PwnEd likely will be able to pay up -- harder for smaller SIGs</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2>Branding</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p><strong>Problem</strong>: CompSoc logo has to be on SIG graphics. However CompSoc logo color clashes (red vs blue on TypeSig). Logo size is also large and less legibile at small sizes</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Proposed solution</strong>:
<ul>
<li><strong>TODO</strong>: Yuto to distribute original logo and monochrome logo</li>
<li><strong>TOOD</strong>: Yuto to propose several favicon / small logo / heart and get SIGs to poll</li>
<li><strong>TODO</strong>: Yuto to formalise positions of logo on branding</li>
<li>Small logos/graphics should be for just general PR like insta/posters, but for conference posters or sponsorship decks, it should be full CompSoc logo.
<ul>
<li>This is to prevent situations like PwnEd last year where CompSoc logo was nowhere to be seen</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Problem</strong>: SIG visibility and gathering members</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Proposed Solution</strong>: Poster for showcasing SIGs. Use TV in lower ground floor of AT.</li>
<li><strong>TODO</strong>: Fergus to check how to get access to the TV.</li>
<li><strong>Problem</strong>: Lots of SIG, likely crowded on a single poster or TV screen.
<ul>
<li><strong>Proposed solution</strong>: Link to website or LinkTree.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><strong>Problem</strong>: Website SIG section is barebones and website in general is not very used
<ul>
<li><strong>Proposed solution</strong>: Overhaul website</li>
<li><strong>TODO</strong>: Adam (or other interested members) to rehaul website to make SIGs section contain brief sentences like "we run events every Sunday".</li>
<li><strong>TODO</strong>: Adam (or other interested members) to increase visibility of meeting minutes</li>
<li><strong>TODO</strong>: Adam to add company logos to sponsorship section</li>
<li>Maybe start adding event photos to the News section?</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2>SIG-specific points</h2>
<h3>GameDevSig</h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Problem</strong>: On the verge of death in terms of finding next committee next year &#x26; getting consistent attendees
<ul>
<li><strong>Solution</strong>: Sell it more as a side hobby instead of a daunting game project (such as game jams like how SIGINT do weekend CTFs, connect with other SIGs/societies to launch collab events)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>RockStar Games confirmed for 7th of February</li>
<li><strong>Problem</strong>: Target audience slightly unclear - the interested people seem busy
<ul>
<li><strong>Solution</strong>: Target first years
<ul>
<li><strong>TODO</strong>: GameDevSig to draft an event proposal (single sentence &#x26; date) by 12 November &#x26; CompSoc will get Vincent to market during lectures</li>
<li>(Perhaps a Haskell GameJam to target first years after the FP competition)</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h3>QuantSIG</h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Problem</strong>: Event attendee decreasing: Second one only approx. 15-16 attendees.</li>
<li><strong>Proposed solution</strong>: Take down posters and re-design and set them up with different colours for eye-catch.</li>
<li>No updates with EUTIC since last time.</li>
</ul>
<h3>Project Share</h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Problem</strong>: Can we get lockers in AT for Project Share &#x26; other SIGs?</li>
<li>Status of those lockers unsure, cupboard could be a viable alternative
<ul>
<li><strong>TODO</strong>: Fergus to get School involved to get proper cupboard</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h3>Tardis Project</h3>
<ul>
<li>Available to do a talk about Tardis infrastructure</li>
<li>Likely January STMU</li>
</ul>
<h3>CloudSIG</h3>
<ul>
<li>First event with Guest speaker around 20 attendees</li>
<li>Next one 29 November</li>
</ul>2:["$","$Lb",null,{"contentHtml":"$c","title":"2023-11-08-sig","modifiedAt":"$D2025-10-20T17:48:39.237Z"}]
a:[["$","meta","0",{"name":"viewport","content":"width=device-width, initial-scale=1"}],["$","meta","1",{"name":"theme-color","content":"#353535"}],["$","meta","2",{"charSet":"utf-8"}],["$","title","3",{"children":"CompSoc"}],["$","meta","4",{"name":"description","content":"CompSoc is Edinburgh University's technology society! We're Scotland's best and largest of its kind, and form one of the largest societies within the university."}],["$","link","5",{"rel":"icon","href":"https://comp-soc.com/compsoc-mini.svg"}]]
1:null
